EX-99.1
2
tm2018740d1_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1

 

Exhibit 99.1

 

 

PRESS
RELEASE

 

AbbVie and Allergan Receive
Clearance from U.S. Federal Trade Commission for AbbVie’s Acquisition of Allergan

 

NORTH CHICAGO, Ill. and DUBLIN, May
5, 2020  – AbbVie (NYSE: ABBV), a research-based global biopharmaceutical company, and Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN), a leading
global pharmaceutical company, today announced that the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has accepted the proposed consent order
in connection with AbbVie’s pending acquisition of Allergan. The acceptance by the FTC satisfies all required antitrust clearances
needed to be obtained for the acquisition of Allergan by AbbVie.

 

As part of the proposed consent, Allergan has agreed to divest
brazikumab, an investigational IL-23 inhibitor in development for autoimmune diseases, to AstraZeneca and Zenpep, a treatment for
exocrine pancreatic insufficiency due to cystic fibrosis and other conditions, to Nestle. Nestle also will be acquiring Viokace,
another pancreatic enzyme preparation, as part of the same transaction.

 

Additionally, AbbVie and Allergan have amended their Transaction
Agreement to provide that only one Allergan Director will join the AbbVie board following close. Allergan’s current Chairman
and CEO Brent Saunders has elected not to join the AbbVie Board to provide more flexibility to pursue other opportunities in the
sector.

 

The closing of the acquisition remains subject to other customary
closing conditions set forth in the transaction agreement and Irish High Court approval. A hearing is scheduled for May 6,
2020.

 

About AbbVie

 

AbbVie is a global, research-driven biopharmaceutical
company committed to developing innovative advanced therapies for some of the world’s most complex and critical conditions.
The company’s mission is to use its expertise, dedicated people and unique approach to innovation to markedly improve treatments
across four primary therapeutic areas: immunology, oncology, virology and neuroscience.  In more than 75 countries, AbbVie
employees are working every day to advance health solutions for people around the world. For more information about AbbVie, please
visit us at www.abbvie.com. Follow @abbvie on Twitter or view careers on our Facebook or LinkedIn page.

 

 

 

 

 

About Allergan plc

 

Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN), headquartered in Dublin,
Ireland, is a global pharmaceutical leader focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing branded pharmaceutical, device,
biologic, surgical and regenerative medicine products for patients around the world. Allergan markets a portfolio of leading brands
and best-in-class products primarily focused on four key therapeutic areas including medical aesthetics, eye care, central nervous
system and gastroenterology. As part of its approach to delivering innovation for better patient care, Allergan has built one of
the broadest pharmaceutical and device research and development pipelines in the industry.

 

With colleagues and commercial operations located
in approximately 100 countries, Allergan is committed to working with physicians, healthcare providers, and patients to deliver
innovative and meaningful treatments that help people around the world live longer, healthier lives every day.

 

For more information, visit Allergan's website
at www.Allergan.com.

 

About Zenpep

 

ZENPEP® (pancrelipase) is a prescription medication
for people who cannot digest food normally because their pancreas does not make enough enzymes. ZENPEP may help your body use
fats, proteins, and sugars from food. ZENPEP contains a mixture of digestive enzymes (lipases, proteases, and amylases) from pig
pancreas. In clinical studies, individuals with exocrine pancreatic insufficiency associated with cystic fibrosis absorbed more
fat from foods than those treated with a placebo.

 

About Brazikumab

 

Brazikumab is a monoclonal antibody that binds to the IL23 receptor
and is in development for Crohn’s Disease and Ulcerative Colitis with a companion biomarker. Brazikumab selectively blocks
the IL23 immune signal, preventing intestinal inflammation. The Phase IIb/III INTREPID program is underway to assess brazikumab
compared to placebo or adalimumab in Crohn’s Disease. The Phase II EXPEDITION trial is underway to assess brazikumab compared
to placebo or vedolizumab in Ulcerative Colitis.

 

 

 

 

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

This announcement contains
certain forward-looking statements, including with respect to the pending acquisition involving AbbVie and Allergan and AbbVie's,
Allergan’s and/or the combined group's estimated or anticipated future business, performance and results of operations and
financial condition, including estimates, forecasts, targets and plans for AbbVie and, following the acquisition, if completed,
the combined group. The words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "project" and similar
expressions, among others, generally identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks
and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Such
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the possibility that the pending acquisition will not be pursued, failure
to satisfy any of the conditions to the pending acquisition, adverse effects on the market price of AbbVie's shares of common
stock or Allergan’s ordinary shares and on AbbVie's or Allergan’s operating results because of a failure to complete
the pending acquisition, failure to realize the expected benefits of the pending acquisition, failure to promptly and effectively
integrate Allergan's businesses, negative effects relating to the announcement of the pending acquisition or any further announcements
relating to the pending acquisition or the consummation of the pending acquisition on the market price of AbbVie’s shares
of common stock or Allergan’s ordinary shares, significant transaction costs and/or unknown or inestimable liabilities,
potential litigation associated with the pending acquisition, general economic and business conditions that affect the combined
companies following the consummation of the pending acquisition, changes in global, political, economic, business, competitive,
market and regulatory forces, future exchange and interest rates, changes in tax laws, regulations, rates and policies, future
business acquisitions or disposals, competitive developments and the impact of public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics,
such as COVID-19. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions and assessments made in light of AbbVie's
or, as the case may be, Allergan’s experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, business strategies,
operating environment, future developments and other factors it believes appropriate. By their nature, forward-looking statements
involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in
the future. The factors described in the context of such forward-looking statements in this announcement could cause AbbVie’s
plans with respect to Allergan or AbbVie’s or Allergan’s actual results, performance or achievements, industry results
and developments to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Although it is believed
that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, no assurance can be given that such expectations
will prove to have been correct and persons reading this announcement are therefore cautioned not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date of this announcement. Additional information about economic, competitive,
governmental, technological and other factors that may affect AbbVie or Allergan is set forth in AbbVie’s or Allergan’s
periodic public filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, AbbVie's and Allergan’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and, from time to time, AbbVie’s and Allergan’s other
investor communications, in each case, the contents of which are not incorporated by reference into, nor do they form part of,
this announcement.

 

 

 

 

 

Any forward-looking statements in this announcement are based
upon information available to AbbVie, Allergan and/or their respective board of directors, as the case may be, as of the date of
this announcement and, while believed to be true when made, may ultimately prove to be incorrect. Subject to any obligations under
applicable law, none of AbbVie, Allergan or any member of their respective board of directors undertakes any obligation to update
any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, or to conform any forward-looking
statement to actual results, future events, or to changes in expectations. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements
attributable to AbbVie, Allergan or their respective board of directors or any person acting on behalf any of them are expressly
qualified in their entirety by this paragraph.

 

Statement Required by Irish Takeover Rules

 

The directors of AbbVie Inc. accept responsibility for the
information contained in this announcement other than that relating to Allergan plc and its subsidiaries and/or the directors of
Allergan and members of their immediate families, related trusts, and persons connected with them. To the best of their knowledge
and belief (having taken all reasonable care to ensure such is the case), the information contained in this announcement for which
they accept responsibility is  in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such
information.

 

The directors of Allergan accept responsibility for the information
contained in this announcement relating to Allergan and its subsidiaries and/or the directors of Allergan and members of their
immediate families, related trusts, and persons connected with them. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Allergan directors
(who have taken all reasonable care to ensure such is the case), the information contained in this announcement for which they
accept responsibility is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.

 

Any holder of 1% or more of any class of relevant securities
of Allergan plc or AbbVie Inc. may have disclosure obligations under Rule 8.3 of the Irish Takeover Panel Act, 1997, Takeover Rules
2013.

 

###

 

Media:

Investors:

Adelle Infante

Liz Shea

(847) 938-8745

(847) 935-2211