8-K

false 0000875045 0000875045 2023-07-28 2023-07-28

 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

 

 

FORM 8-K

 

 

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15 (d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): July 28, 2023

 

 

BIOGEN INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

 

 

 

Delaware

 

0-19311

 

33-0112644

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation)

 

(Commission

File Number)

 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

 

225 Binney Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142

(Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code)

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (617) 679-2000

 

 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 

☐

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 

☒

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

 

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d -2(b))

 

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e -4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 

Title of each class

 

Trading

Symbol(s)

 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0005 par value

 

BIIB

 

The Nasdaq Global Select Market

 

 

 

Item 8.01.

Other Events.

On July 28, 2023, Biogen Inc. (the “Company”) and Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Reata”) issued a joint press release announcing the entry into by the Company, River Acquisition, Inc. (“Merger Sub”), a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Reata into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) pursuant to which, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub will be merged with and into Reata (the “Merger”), with Reata surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

On July 28, 2023, the Company held an investor webcast presentation announcing the Merger.

A copy of the joint press release relating to the Merger is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

A copy of the investor webcast presentation relating to the Merger is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements, relating to: our strategy and plans; potential of, and expectations for, our commercial business and pipeline programs; capital allocation and investment strategy; clinical development programs, clinical trials, and data readouts and presentations; regulatory discussions, submissions, filings, and approvals; the potential benefits, safety, and efficacy of our and our collaboration partners’ products and investigational therapies; the anticipated benefits and potential of investments; optimization of the cost structure including our “Fit for Growth” program, actions to improve risk profile and productivity of R&D pipeline, collaborations, and business development activities; consummation of the proposed transaction; our future financial and operating results; 2023 financial guidance. These forward-looking statements may be accompanied by such words as “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “goal,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “possible,” “prospect,” “will,” “would,” and other words and terms of similar meaning. Drug development and commercialization involve a high degree of risk, and only a small number of research and development programs result in commercialization of a product. Results in early-stage clinical trials may not be indicative of full results or results from later stage or larger scale clinical trials and do not ensure regulatory approval. You should not place undue reliance on these statements.

These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements, including: our dependence on sales from our products; uncertainty of long-term success in developing, licensing, or acquiring other product candidates or additional indications for existing products; failure to compete effectively due to significant product competition in the markets for our products; failure to successfully execute or realize the anticipated benefits of our strategic and growth initiatives; difficulties in obtaining and maintaining adequate coverage, pricing, and reimbursement for our products; our dependence on collaborators and other third parties for the development, regulatory approval, and commercialization of products and other aspects of our business, which are outside of our full control; risks associated with current and potential future healthcare reforms; risks related to commercialization of biosimilars; failure to obtain, protect, and enforce our data, intellectual property, and other proprietary rights and the risks and uncertainties relating to intellectual property claims and challenges; the risk that positive results in a clinical trial may not be replicated in subsequent or confirmatory trials or success in early stage clinical trials may not be predictive of results in later stage or large scale clinical trials or trials in other potential indications; risks associated with clinical trials, including our ability to adequately manage clinical activities, unexpected concerns that may arise from additional data or analysis obtained during clinical trials, regulatory authorities may require additional information or further studies, or may fail to approve or may delay approval of our drug candidates; the occurrence of adverse safety events, restrictions on use with our products, or product liability claims; risks relating to technology failures or breaches; problems with our manufacturing processes; risks relating to management and personnel changes, including attracting and retaining personnel; failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements; the risks of doing business internationally, including currency exchange rate fluctuations; risks relating to investment in our manufacturing capacity; the direct and indirect impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business; risks relating to the distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit or unfit versions of our products; risks relating to the use of social media for our business; results of operations, and financial condition; fluctuations in our operating results; risks related to investment in properties; the market, interest, and credit risks associated with our investment portfolio; risks relating to share repurchase programs; risks relating to access to capital and credit markets; risks related to indebtedness; change in control provisions in certain of our collaboration agreements; fluctuations in our effective tax rate; environmental risks; the parties’ ability to consummate the proposed transaction within the expected time-frame or at all; the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the completion of the

proposed transaction, including the receipt of the required approval of Reata’s stockholders with respect to the proposed transaction and the receipt of regulatory clearances required to consummate the proposed transaction, in each case, on the terms expected or on the anticipated schedule; the risk that the parties may be unable to achieve the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction within the expected time frames or at all; the possibility that competing offers or acquisition proposals for Reata will be made; the occurrence of any event that could give rise to the termination of the proposed transaction, including in circumstances which would require the payment of a termination fee; the effect of the announcement or pendency of the proposed transaction on Reata’s ability to retain and hire key personnel, its ability to maintain relationships with its customers, clients, vendors and others with whom it does business; the risk that stockholder litigation in connection with the proposed transaction may result in significant costs of defense, indemnification and liability and may delay the proposed transaction; and any other risks and uncertainties that are described in other reports we have filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

These statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.

In particular, you should consider the risks set forth in Biogen’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, under the caption “Risk Factors”, and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made and, other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

Additional Information and Where to Find It

This communication may be deemed to be solicitation material in respect of the proposed transaction between the Company and Reata. In connection with the proposed transaction, Reata intends to file with the SEC a proxy statement on Schedule 14A (the “Proxy Statement”) in preliminary and definitive form, and Reata will mail the definitive Proxy Statement to its stockholders and file other documents regarding the proposed transaction with the SEC. HOLDERS OF COMMON STOCK OF REATA ARE URGED TO READ ALL RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC, INCLUDING THE PROXY STATEMENT (IF AND WHEN AVAILABLE), AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO, CAREFULLY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION.

The Proxy Statement and other relevant materials (when they become available) and any other documents filed or furnished by the Reata with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s web site, http://www.sec.gov, through Reata’s Investor Relations page (https://www.reatapharma.com/investors), or by writing to Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Attn: John Hunter, at 5320 Legacy Drive Plano, TX 75024 or at ir@reatapharma.com.

Participants in Solicitation

The Company and its directors and executive officers, and Reata and its directors and executive officers, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the holders of shares of Reata common stock in respect of the proposed transaction. Information about the directors and

executive officers of the Company is set forth in the proxy statement for the Company’s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023. Information about the directors and executive officers of Reata is set forth in the proxy statement for Reata’s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023. To the extent holdings of the Company’s or Reata’s securities by their respective directors or executive officers have changed since the amounts set forth in such 2023 proxy statements, such changes have been or will be reflected on Initial Statements of Beneficial Ownership on Form 3 or Statements of Beneficial Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC. Additional information concerning the interests of the Company’s or Reata’s participants in the solicitation will be set forth in the Proxy Statement (if and when available). Investors may obtain additional information regarding the interest of such participants by reading the Proxy Statement. You may obtain free copies of these documents using the sources indicated above.

Item 9.01.

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

 

 

99.1

  

Joint Press Release, dated July 28, 2023, issued by the Company and Reata.

 

99.2

  

Investor Webcast Presentation, dated July 28, 2023, prepared by the Company.

 

104

  

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

 

 

 

BIOGEN INC.

Date: July 28, 2023

 

 

By:

 

/s/ Wendell Taylor

 

 

 

Name: Wendell Taylor

 

 

 

Title: Assistant Secretary