EX-99.2
5
tm2023104d4_ex99-2.htm
EXHIBIT 99.2

Exhibit 99.2

 

 

 

Editas Medicine Announces Pricing of
Offering of Common Stock

 

CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 23, 2020 – Editas Medicine, Inc.
(Nasdaq: EDIT), a leading genome editing company, today announced the pricing of an underwritten offering of 6,000,000 shares of
its common stock at a public offering price of $31.25 per share, before deducting underwriter discounts and commissions and estimated
offering expenses. Gross proceeds from the offering are expected to be approximately $187.5 million. Editas Medicine has granted
the underwriter a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 900,000 shares of common stock on the same terms and conditions.
All of the shares in the offering are to be sold by Editas Medicine. The offering is expected to close on or about June 26, 2020,
subject to customary closing conditions.

 

Morgan Stanley is acting as sole book-running manager for the
offering.

 

A registration statement on Form S-3 (including a preliminary
prospectus describing the terms of the offering) relating to the shares of common stock offered in the public offering has been
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and has become effective. The offering is being made only by means of a
prospectus. A final prospectus relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available at www.sec.gov. When available,
copies of the final prospectus may be obtained by contacting Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180
Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014.

 

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the
solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer,
solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

 

About Editas Medicine

As a leading genome editing company, Editas Medicine is focused
on translating the power and potential of the CRISPR/Cas9 and CRISPR/Cas12a (also known as Cpf1) genome editing systems into a
robust pipeline of treatments for people living with serious diseases around the world. Editas Medicine aims to discover, develop,
manufacture, and commercialize transformative, durable, precision genomic medicines for a broad class of diseases.

 

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements and information
within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words “anticipate,” “believe,”
“continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,”
“plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “target,” “should,”
“would,” similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking
statements contain these identifying words. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations
disclosed in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including: the satisfaction of customary closing
conditions related to the public offering and the impact of general economic, industry or political conditions in the United States
or internationally; uncertainties inherent in the initiation of preclinical studies and clinical trials and clinical development
of the Company’s product candidates; availability and timing of results from preclinical studies and clinical trials; whether
interim results from a clinical trial will be predictive of the final results of the trial or the results of future trials; expectations
for regulatory approvals to conduct trials or to market products and availability of funding sufficient for the Company’s
foreseeable and unforeseeable operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements. These and other risks are described in greater
detail under the caption “Risk Factors” included in Editas’ Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
March 31, 2020 filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020, the Company’s preliminary prospectus related to the public offering, and
other filings the Company may make with the SEC in the future. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak
only as of the date hereof, and the Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

 

###

 

 

 

 

Contacts

Media:

Cristi Barnett

(617) 401-0113

cristi.barnett@editasmed.com

 

Investors:

Mark Mullikin

(617) 401-9083

mark.mullikin@editasmed.com

 

2