EX-99.1
4
tm2023104d4_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

 

 

 

Editas Medicine Announces Offering of
Common Stock

 

CAMBRIDGE,
Mass., June 23, 2020 – Editas Medicine, Inc. (Nasdaq: EDIT), a leading genome editing company, today announced that it intends
to offer and sell 4,000,000 shares of its common stock in an underwritten public offering. Editas Medicine intends to grant
the underwriter a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 600,000 shares of its common stock. All of the shares in the offering
are to be sold by Editas Medicine.

 

Morgan Stanley is acting as sole book-running manager for the
offering. The offering is subject to market and other conditions, and there can be no assurance as to whether or when the offering
may be completed or as to the actual size or terms of the offering.

 

A registration statement on Form S-3 (including a preliminary
prospectus describing the terms of the offering) relating to the shares of common stock offered in the public offering has been
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and has become effective. The offering will be made only by means of the
prospectus that form a part of the registration statement. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering will be filed
with the SEC and will be available for free on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. A copy of the final prospectus relating
to the securities being offered may also be obtained, when available, by contacting Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus
Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014.

 

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the
solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer,
solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

 

About Editas Medicine

As
a leading genome editing company, Editas Medicine is focused on translating the power and potential of the CRISPR/Cas9 and CRISPR/
Cas12a (also known as Cpf1) genome editing systems into a robust pipeline of treatments for people living with serious diseases
around the world. Editas Medicine aims to discover, develop, manufacture, and commercialize transformative, durable, precision
genomic medicines for a broad class of diseases.

 

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements and information
within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words “anticipate,” “believe,”
“continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,”
“plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “target,” “should,”
“would,” similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking
statements contain these identifying words. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations
disclosed in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including: the uncertainties related to whether or
not the Company will be able to raise capital through the sale of shares of common stock, the final terms of the proposed offering,
market and other conditions, the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the proposed public offering and the impact
of general economic, industry or political conditions in the United States or internationally; uncertainties inherent in the initiation
of preclinical studies and clinical trials and clinical development of the Company’s product candidates; availability and
timing of results from preclinical studies and clinical trials; whether interim results from a clinical trial will be predictive
of the final results of the trial or the results of future trials; expectations for regulatory approvals to conduct trials or to
market products and availability of funding sufficient for the Company’s foreseeable and unforeseeable operating expenses
and capital expenditure requirements. These and other risks are described in greater detail under the caption “Risk Factors”
included in Editas’ Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020,
the Company’s preliminary prospectus related to the public offering, and other filings the Company may make with the SEC
in the future. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date hereof, and the Company
expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise.

 

###

 

 

 

 

Contacts

Media:

Cristi Barnett

(617) 401-0113

cristi.barnett@editasmed.com

 

Investors:

Mark Mullikin

(617) 401-9083

mark.mullikin@editasmed.com

 

2