EX-99.3
4
tm2221772d2_ex99-3.htm
EXHIBIT 99.3

 

Exhibit 99.3

 

As used in this Exhibit 99.3,
unless the context indicates otherwise, references to “the Company,” “we,” “us,” “our”
and similar references refer to Edgewise Therapeutics, Inc. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
ascribed to them in the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) on August 4, 2022.

 

Investing in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks discussed below and under the heading "Risk Factors"
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022 and our
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on August 4, 2022, before making
a decision about investing in our securities. The risks and uncertainties discussed below and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended 2021 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 are not the only ones facing
us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently see as immaterial, may also harm our business.
If any of these risks occur, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed, the trading price of our common
stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment.

 

We may face difficulties from changes to current regulations
and future legislation.

 

Existing regulatory policies may change, and additional government
regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood,
nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States
or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if
we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, and we may not achieve
or sustain profitability.

 

We also cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government
regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the United States or abroad. For example,
certain policies of the current U.S. administration may impact our business and industry, which could impose significant burdens on, or
otherwise materially delay, the FDA’s ability to engage in routine regulatory and oversight activities such as implementing statutes
through rulemaking, issuance of guidance, and review and approval of marketing applications. It is difficult to predict how current and
future legislation, executive actions, and litigation, including the executive orders referenced below, will be implemented, and the extent
to which they will impact our business, our clinical development, and the FDA’s and other agencies’ ability to exercise their
regulatory authority, including FDA’s pre-approval inspection and timely review of any regulatory filings or applications we submit
to the FDA. If these executive actions impose constraints on FDA’s ability to engage in oversight and implementation activities
in the normal course or constraints on our business operations, including operations of our contractors, our business may be negatively
impacted.

 

For
example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation
Act of 2010 (collectively, the ACA), was passed, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both the government and
private insurers, and continues to significantly impact the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. Since its enactment, there have been judicial
and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. In June 2021, the United States Supreme Court held that Texas and other
challengers had no legal standing to challenge the ACA, dismissing the case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the
ACA. Accordingly, the ACA remains in effect in its current form. It is unclear how this Supreme Court decision, future litigation, or
healthcare measures promulgated by the Biden administration will impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. On
January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health
insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructs certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider
their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects
and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance
coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. Complying with any new legislation or changes in healthcare regulation could be time-intensive
and expensive, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business.

 

 

 

 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. These changes included
aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year, effective April 1, 2013, which will remain in
effect through 2031, with the exception of a temporary suspension implemented under various COVID-19 relief legislation from May 1,
2020 through March 31, 2022, unless additional congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction
in Medicare payments will vary from 1% in 2022 to up to 4% in the final fiscal year of this sequester. In January 2013, President
Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers,
and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years.
These laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on
customers for our drugs, if approved, and accordingly, our financial operations.

 

Moreover, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny recently
over the manner in which drug manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries
and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review
the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug
products. For example, in May 2019, CMS issued a final rule to allow Medicare Advantage Plans the option of using step therapy
for Part B drugs beginning January 1, 2020. This final rule codified CMS’s policy change that was effective January 1,
2019. At the federal level, the Trump administration used several means to propose or implement drug pricing reform, including through
federal budget proposals, executive orders and policy initiatives. For example, in 2020, HHS and CMS issued various rules that are
expected to impact, among others, price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Part D, fee arrangements
between pharmacy benefit managers and manufacturers, manufacturer price reporting requirements under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program,
including regulations that affect manufacturer-sponsored patient assistance programs subject to pharmacy benefit manager accumulator programs
and Best Price reporting related to certain value-based purchasing arrangements. Multiple lawsuits have been brought against the HHS challenging
various aspects of the rules. The impact of these lawsuits as well as legislative, executive, and administrative actions of the Biden
administration on us and the pharmaceutical industry as a whole is unclear.

 

Under
the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, effective January 1, 2024, the statutory cap on Medicaid Drug Rebate Program rebates that manufacturers
pay to state Medicaid programs will be eliminated. Elimination of this cap may require pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay more in rebates
than it receives on the sale of products, which could have a material impact on our business. In July 2021, the Biden administration
released an executive order, “Promoting Competition in the American Economy,” with multiple provisions aimed at increasing
competition for prescription drugs. In response to this executive order, the HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug
Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue to advance these
principles. In August 2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes prescription drug provisions that
have significant implications for the pharmaceutical industry and Medicare beneficiaries, including allowing the federal government to
negotiate a maximum fair price for certain high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise tax for manufacturers
that fail to comply with the drug price negotiation requirements, requiring inflation rebates for all Medicare Part B and Part D
drugs, with limited exceptions, if their drug prices increase faster than inflation, and redesigning Medicare Part D to reduce
out-of-pocket prescription drug costs for beneficiaries, among other changes. The impact of these legislative, executive, and administrative
actions and any future healthcare measures and agency rules implemented by the Biden administration on us and the pharmaceutical
industry as a whole is unclear. The implementation of cost containment measures, including the prescription drug provisions under the
Inflation Reduction Act, as well as other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability,
or commercialize our product candidates if approved.

 

-2-

 

 

At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation
and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints,
discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed
to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. A number of states are considering or have recently enacted state drug
price transparency and reporting laws that could substantially increase our compliance burdens and expose us to greater liability under
such state laws once we begin commercialization after obtaining regulatory approval for any of our products. We are unable to predict
the future course of federal or state healthcare legislation in the United States directed at broadening the availability of healthcare
and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. These and any further changes in the law or regulatory framework that reduce our revenue
or increase our costs could also have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

 

We expect that the ACA, as well as other healthcare reform measures
that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that
we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar
reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us
from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our product candidates. It is also possible that additional
governmental action is taken to address the COVID-19 pandemic.

 

Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval
requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for biotechnology products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative
changes will be enacted, or whether FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on
the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by Congress of the FDA’s approval
process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing
testing and other requirements.

 

The regulatory framework for privacy and personal information security
issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. The U.S. federal and various state,
local and foreign government bodies and agencies have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations limiting, or laws and regulations
regarding, the collection, distribution, use, disclosure, storage, security and other processing of personal information.

 

-3-

 

 

Additionally, the collection and use of health data and other personal
data is governed in the EU by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which extends the geographical scope of EU data protection
law to entities and operations outside of the EU under certain conditions and imposes substantial obligations upon companies and new rights
for individuals, and by certain EU Member State-level legislation. Failure to comply with the GDPR may result in fines up to €20,000,000
or up to 4% of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, and other administrative penalties.
The GDPR may increase our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we may process, and we may be required to put
in place additional measures in an effort to comply with the GDPR and with other laws and regulations in the EU, including those of EU
Member States, relating to privacy and data protection. This may be onerous and if our efforts to comply with the GDPR or other applicable
EU laws and regulations are not successful, or are perceived to be unsuccessful, it could adversely affect our business in the EU. Further,
the European Court of Justice (ECJ) invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, which had enabled the transfer of personal data from the EU
to the U.S. for companies that had self-certified to the Privacy Shield in July 2020. The ECJ decision also raised questions about
the continued validity of one of the primary alternatives to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, namely the European Commission’s Standard
Contractual Clauses (SCCs), and EU regulators have issued additional guidance regarding considerations and requirements that we and other
companies must consider and undertake when using the SCCs. EU regulators released new standard contractual clauses in June 2021 that
are required to be implemented over time. To the extent that we were to rely on the EU-U.S. or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield programs, we
will not be able to do so in the future, and the ECJ’s decision and other regulatory guidance or developments otherwise may impose
additional obligations with respect to the transfer of personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the U.S., and we may be required to
engage in additional contractual negotiations relating to the new SCCs or otherwise, each of which could restrict our activities in those
jurisdictions, limit our ability to provide our products and services in those jurisdictions, or increase our costs and obligations and
impose limitations upon our ability to efficiently transfer personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the U.S.

 

Further, the exit of the United Kingdom (UK) from the EU, often referred
to as Brexit, has created uncertainty with regard to data protection regulation in the UK. Specifically, the UK exited the EU on January 1,
2020, subject to a transition period that ended on December 31, 2020. On June 28, 2021, the European Commission issued an adequacy
decision in respect of the UK’s data protection framework, allowing personal data transfers from EU member states to the UK to continue
without requiring additional contractual or other measures in order to lawfully transfer personal data between the territories. This decision
is subject to renewal after four years, however, and may be revisited by the European Commission at any time. The UK has implemented legislation
similar to the GDPR, referred to as the UK GDPR, which provides for fines of up to the greater of £17.5 million or 4% of global
turnover. In the medium and longer terms, however, the relationship between the UK and EU in relation to aspects of data protection law
remains unclear, including with respect to cross-border data transfers and the role of the UK Information Commissioner’s Office
with respect to the EU, which exposes us to further compliance risk. The UK also has issued its own standard contractual clauses, similar
to the SCCs, that are required to be implemented over time. We may incur liabilities, expenses, costs, and other operational losses relating
to the GDPR, the UK GDPR, and other laws and regulations in the EU and UK relating to privacy and data protection, including those of
applicable EU Member States in connection with any measures we take to comply with them. Finally, state and foreign laws may apply generally
to the privacy and security of information we maintain, and may differ from each other in significant ways, thus complicating compliance
efforts and potentially requiring us to undertake additional measures to comply with them.

 

-4-

 

 

In the United States, a broad variety of data protection laws and regulations
may apply to our activities such as state data breach notification laws, state personal data privacy laws (for example, the California
Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA)), state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws. A range of
enforcement agencies exist at both the state and federal levels that can enforce these laws and regulations. For example, the CCPA requires
covered businesses that process personal information of California residents to disclose their data collection, use and sharing practices.
Further, the CCPA provides California residents with new data privacy rights (including the ability to opt out of certain disclosures
of personal data), imposes new operational requirements for covered businesses, provides for civil penalties for violations as well as
a private right of action for data breaches and statutory damages (that is expected to increase data breach class action litigation and
result in significant exposure to costly legal judgements and settlements). Aspects of the CCPA and its interpretation and enforcement
remain uncertain. In addition, it is anticipated that the CCPA will be expanded on January 1, 2023, when the California Privacy Rights
Act of 2020 (CPRA) becomes operative. The CPRA will, among other things, give California residents the ability to limit use of certain
sensitive personal information, further restrict the use of cross-contextual advertising, establish restrictions on the retention of personal
information, expand the types of data breaches subject to the CCPA’s private right of action, provide for increased penalties for
CPRA violations concerning California residents under the age of 16, and establish a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement
and enforce the new legislation. Although there are limited exemptions for clinical trial data under the CCPA, the CCPA and other similar
laws could impact our business activities, depending on their interpretation. Additionally, other state legislatures have enacted or are
currently contemplating, and may pass, their own comprehensive data privacy and security laws, with potentially greater penalties and
more rigorous compliance requirements relevant to our business. For example, in March 2021, Virginia enacted the Virginia Consumer
Data Protection Act (CDPA), a comprehensive privacy statute that becomes effective on January 1, 2023 and shares similarities with
the CCPA, the CPRA, and legislation proposed in other states. Similarly, in June 2021, Colorado enacted the Colorado Privacy Act
(CPA), which takes effect on July 1, 2023, and in March 2022, Utah enacted the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA), which takes
effect on December 31, 2023.

 

With the GDPR, CCPA, CPRA, CDPA, CPA, UCPA, and other laws, regulations
and other obligations relating to privacy and data protection imposing new and relatively burdensome obligations, and with substantial
uncertainty over the interpretation and application of these and other obligations, we may face challenges in addressing their requirements
and making necessary changes to our policies and practices, and may incur significant costs and expenses in an effort to do so. Additionally,
if third parties we work with, such as vendors or service providers, violate applicable laws or regulations or our policies, such violations
may also put our or our customers’ data at risk and could in turn have an adverse effect on our business. Any failure or perceived
failure by us or our service providers to comply with our applicable policies or notices relating to privacy or data protection, our contractual
or other obligations to third parties, or any of our other legal obligations relating to privacy or data protection, may result in governmental
investigations or enforcement actions, litigation, claims and other proceedings, harm our reputation, and could result in significant
liability.

 

-5-