0000882095
false

0000882095

2020-02-29
2020-03-01

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

 

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

  

FORM
8-K

  

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of Earliest
Event Reported): March 1,
2020

 

  

Gilead
Sciences, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

 

 

Delaware

(State or Other

Jurisdiction

of Incorporation)

0-19731

(Commission File Number)

94-3047598

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

 

333
Lakeside Drive

Foster
City, California

94404

(Address of Principal
Executive Offices)

(Zip Code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number,
including area code: (650) 574-3000

  

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

 

 

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 

¨

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 

 

¨

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

 

 

x

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 

 

¨

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

 

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which

registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

GILD

The Nasdaq Global Select Market

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of
1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging growth company  ¨

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ¨

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 1.01.

Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement.

 

On March 1, 2020, Gilead Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(“Parent” or “Gilead”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger
Agreement”), among Parent, Forty Seven, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Forty Seven”), and Toro Merger
Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (“Purchaser”).

 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and upon the terms and subject
to the conditions thereof, Purchaser will commence a tender offer (the “Offer”), to purchase all of the issued
and outstanding shares (the “Shares”) of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Forty Seven other than
any Shares held immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger by Forty Seven (or held in Forty Seven’s treasury)
and any Shares held immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger by Parent, Purchaser or any other direct or indirect
wholly owned subsidiary of Parent at a price of $95.50 per Share (the “Offer Price”), net to the seller in cash,
without interest.

 

The Offer will initially remain open for a minimum of 20 business
days from the date of commencement of the Offer. If at the scheduled expiration time of the Offer any of the conditions to the
Offer have not been satisfied (unless such condition is waivable by Purchaser or Parent and has been waived), Purchaser will, and
Parent will cause Purchaser to, extend the Offer to permit the satisfaction of all Offer conditions.

 

The obligation of Purchaser to consummate the Offer is subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of customary conditions, including, among others, (i) there being validly tendered and not validly
withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer a number of Shares that, considered together with all other Shares (if any) owned
by Parent and its affiliates, comprise one more Share than 50% of the sum of the then-outstanding Shares plus Shares issuable upon
conversion of all vested and outstanding options at the expiration of the Offer, (ii) the expiration or termination of the
waiting period (or any extension thereof) applicable to the Offer under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976,
as amended (the “HSR Act”), (iii) the absence of any law or order prohibiting the consummation of the Offer
or the Merger and other customary conditions set forth in Annex I to the Merger Agreement.

 

Following the consummation of the Offer and subject to the terms
and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Purchaser will merge with and into Forty Seven pursuant to Section 251(h) of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), with Forty Seven being the surviving corporation (the
“Merger”). At the effective time of the Merger, each Share, including any Shares subject to vesting or employment
based forfeiture conditions (other than (i) Shares held by Forty Seven (or held in Forty Seven’s treasury), (ii) Shares held
by Parent, Purchaser, or any other direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and (iii) Shares held by stockholders who
have properly exercised and perfected their demands for appraisal of such Shares in accordance with the DGCL and have neither withdrawn
nor lost such rights prior to the effective time) will be converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the Offer
Price, without interest, without regard to any applicable vesting or employment based forfeiture conditions, and subject to any
required withholding of taxes.

 

The Merger Agreement includes customary representations, warranties
and covenants of Forty Seven, Parent and Purchaser.

 

Forty Seven has agreed to customary “no-shop” restrictions
on its ability to solicit alternative acquisition proposals from third parties and engage in discussions or negotiations with third
parties regarding alternative acquisition proposals. Notwithstanding these restrictions, Forty Seven may under certain circumstances
provide information to and participate in discussions or negotiations with third parties with respect to a bona fide written alternative
acquisition proposal that the board of directors of Forty Seven has determined constitutes or would reasonably be expected to result
in a Superior Offer (as defined in the Merger Agreement), if failing to do so would be inconsistent with the board’s fiduciary
duties under applicable law.

 

The Merger Agreement also provides that, in connection with
the termination of the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances, including termination by Forty Seven to accept and enter
into an agreement with respect to a Superior Offer (as defined in the Merger Agreement), Forty Seven will pay Parent a termination
fee of $160 million.

 

 

 

 

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which
is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and which is incorporated herein by reference. The Merger Agreement has been filed to provide information
to investors regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about Parent, Purchaser or Forty
Seven, their respective businesses, or the actual conduct of their respective businesses during the period prior to the consummation
of the Offer, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement and this summary
should not be relied upon as disclosure about Parent or Forty Seven. None of Forty Seven’s stockholders or any other third
parties should rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual
state of facts or conditions of Parent, Purchaser, Forty Seven or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. The Merger
Agreement contains representations and warranties that are the product of negotiations among the parties thereto and that the parties
made to, and solely for the benefit of, each other as of specified dates. The assertions embodied in those representations and
warranties are subject to qualifications and limitations agreed to by the respective parties and are also qualified in important
part by confidential disclosure schedules delivered in connection with the Merger Agreement. The representations and warranties
may have been made for the purpose of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the agreements instead of establishing
these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those
applicable to investors.

 

Item 8.01.

Other Events.

 

On March 2, 2020, Parent and Forty Seven issued a joint press
release announcing their entry into the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on
Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein.

 

Item 9.01.

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d) Exhibits

 

Exhibit Number

 

Description

2.1*

 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 1, 2020, among Forty Seven, Inc., Gilead Sciences, Inc. and Toro Merger Sub, Inc.

 

 

 

99.1

 

Joint Press Release, dated March 2, 2020.

 

 

 

104

 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

 

*

Schedules omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Gilead agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon request.

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements,
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, related to Gilead, Forty Seven and the acquisition
of Forty Seven by Gilead that are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. All statements other than statements of historical
fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including all statements regarding the intent, belief or
current expectation of the companies’ and members of their senior management team. Forward-looking statements include, without
limitation, statements regarding the business combination and related matters, prospective performance and opportunities, post-closing
operations and the outlook for the companies’ businesses, including, without limitation, the ability of Gilead to advance
Forty Seven’s product pipeline, including magrolimab, FSI-174 and FSI-189; regulatory approval of magrolimab, FSI-174 and
FSI-189 on a timely basis; the anticipated timing of clinical data; the possibility of unfavorable results from clinical trials;
filings and approvals relating to the transaction; the expected timing of the completion of the transaction; the ability to complete
the transaction considering the various closing conditions; difficulties or unanticipated expenses in connection with integrating
the companies; and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements
are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of risks
and uncertainties. Risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ from expectations contemplated by forward-looking
statements include: uncertainties as to the timing of the tender offer and merger; uncertainties as to how many of Forty Seven’s
stockholders will tender their stock in the offer; the possibility that competing offers will be made; the possibility that various
closing conditions for the transaction may not be satisfied or waived, including that a governmental entity may prohibit, delay
or refuse to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction; the effects of the transaction on relationships with employees,
other business partners or governmental entities; the difficulty of predicting the timing or outcome of FDA approvals or actions,
if any; the impact of competitive products and pricing; other business effects, including the effects of industry, economic or
political conditions outside of the companies’ control; transaction costs; actual or contingent liabilities; and other risks
and uncertainties detailed from time to time in the companies’ periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the “SEC”), including current reports on Form 8-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and annual reports
on Form 10-K, as well as the Schedule 14D-9 to be filed by Forty Seven and the Schedule TO and related tender offer documents
to be filed by Gilead and Toro Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead. All forward-looking statements are based
on information currently available to Gilead and Forty Seven, and Gilead and Forty Seven assume no obligation and disclaim any
intent to update any such forward-looking statements.

 

 

 

 

Additional Information and Where to Find It

 

The tender offer described in this Current Report on
Form 8-K has not yet
commenced. This Current Report on
Form 8-K is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer
to sell shares of Forty Seven, nor is it a substitute for any tender offer materials that Gilead, its acquisition company or Forty
Seven will file with the SEC. A solicitation and an offer to buy shares of Forty Seven will be made only pursuant to an offer to
purchase and related materials that Gilead intends to file with the SEC. At the time the tender offer is commenced, Gilead will
file a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO with the SEC, and Forty Seven will file a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on
Schedule 14D-9 with the SEC with respect to the tender offer. FORTY SEVEN’S STOCKHOLDERS AND OTHER INVESTORS ARE URGED TO
READ THE TENDER OFFER MATERIALS (INCLUDING AN OFFER TO PURCHASE, A RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND CERTAIN OTHER TENDER OFFER
DOCUMENTS) AND THE SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION WHICH SHOULD BE READ CAREFULLY
BEFORE ANY DECISION IS MADE WITH RESPECT TO THE TENDER OFFER. The Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and certain
other tender offer documents, as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, will be sent to all stockholders of Forty Seven
at no expense to them. The Tender Offer Statement and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will be made available for free
at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. Additional copies may be obtained for free by contacting Gilead or Forty Seven. Free copies
of these materials and certain other offering documents will be made available by Gilead by mail to Gilead Sciences, Inc., 333
Lakeside Drive, Foster City, CA 94404, attention: Investor Relations, by phone at 1-800-GILEAD-5 or 1-650-574-3000, or by directing
requests for such materials to the information agent for the offer, which will be named in the Tender Offer Statement. Copies of
the documents filed with the SEC by Forty Seven will be available free of charge under the “Investors” section of Forty
Seven’s internet website at ir.fortyseveninc.com.

 

In addition to the Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of
Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents, as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, Gilead and Forty Seven
file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Gilead’s and Forty Seven’s
filings with the SEC are also available for free to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the website maintained
by the SEC at www.sec.gov.

 

 

 

 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

 

 

 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By: 

/s/ Daniel P. O’Day

 

 

Name:

Daniel P. O’Day

 

 

Title:

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

 

Dated: March 2, 2020