0000882095
false
true

0000882095

2020-09-13
2020-09-13

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event
Reported): September 14, 2020 (September 13, 2020)

 

 

Gilead Sciences, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in its Charter)

 

Delaware

(State or Other

Jurisdiction

of Incorporation)

0-19731

(Commission File Number)

94-3047598

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

 

 

 

333 Lakeside Drive

Foster City, California

94404

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(Zip Code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number,
including area code: (650) 574-3000

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed
Since Last Report)

 

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 

☐

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under
the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 

☐

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

 

☒

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

 

Title
of each class

Trading
Symbol(s)

Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

GILD

The Nasdaq Global Select Market

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging growth company ☐

 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

 

 

 

 

Item 1.01.

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

 

On September 13, 2020, Gilead Sciences,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent” or “Gilead”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of
Merger (the “Merger Agreement”), among Parent, Immunomedics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Immunomedics”),
and Maui Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (“Purchaser”).

 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and upon
the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, Purchaser will commence a tender offer (the “Offer”), to purchase
all of the issued and outstanding shares (the “Shares”) of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Immunomedics,
other than any Shares held immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger by Immunomedics (or held in Immunomedics’
treasury) and any Shares held immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger by Parent, Purchaser or any other direct or
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent at a price of $88.00 per Share (the “Offer Price”), net to the seller
in cash, without interest and subject to any required withholding of taxes.

 

The Offer will initially remain open for
a minimum of 20 business days from the date of commencement of the Offer. If at the scheduled expiration time of the Offer any
of the conditions to the Offer have not been satisfied (unless such condition is waivable by Purchaser or Parent and has been waived),
Purchaser will, and Parent will cause Purchaser to, extend the Offer to permit the satisfaction of all Offer conditions.

 

The obligation of Purchaser to
consummate the Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of customary conditions, including, among others, (i) there
being validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer a number of Shares that, considered
together with all other Shares (if any) beneficially owned by Parent and its affiliates, represent one more Share than 50% of
the total number of Shares outstanding at the expiration of the Offer, (ii) the expiration or termination of the waiting
period applicable to the Offer under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended (the “HSR Act”), (iii) the absence of any law or order
prohibiting the consummation of the Offer or the Merger in any jurisdiction in which Parent or Immunomedics has material
business operations and (iv) other customary conditions set forth in Annex I to the Merger Agreement.

 

Following the consummation of the Offer
and subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Purchaser will merge with and into Immunomedics pursuant to Section
251(h) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), with Immunomedics being the surviving
corporation (the “Merger”). At the effective time of the Merger, each Share (other than (i) Shares held by Immunomedics
(or held in Immunomedics’ treasury), (ii) Shares held by Parent, Purchaser, or any other direct or indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent and (iii) Shares held by stockholders who have properly exercised and perfected their demands for appraisal
of such Shares in accordance with the DGCL and have neither withdrawn nor lost such rights prior to the effective time of the Merger)
will be converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the Offer Price, without interest and subject to any required
withholding of taxes.

 

The Merger Agreement includes customary
representations, warranties and covenants of Immunomedics, Parent and Purchaser.

 

Immunomedics has agreed to customary “no-shop”
restrictions on its ability to solicit alternative acquisition proposals from third parties and engage in discussions or negotiations
with third parties regarding alternative acquisition proposals. Notwithstanding these restrictions, Immunomedics may under certain
circumstances provide information to and participate in discussions or negotiations with third parties with respect to a bona fide
written alternative acquisition proposal that the board of directors of Immunomedics has determined constitutes or would reasonably
be expected to result in a Superior Offer (as defined in the Merger Agreement), if failing to do so would be inconsistent with
the board’s fiduciary duties under applicable law.

 

The Merger Agreement also provides that,
in connection with the termination of the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances, including termination by Immunomedics
to accept and enter into an agreement with respect to a Superior Offer (as defined in the Merger Agreement), Immunomedics will
pay Parent a termination fee of approximately $732.1 million.

 

 

 

The foregoing description of the
Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and which is incorporated herein by reference. The
Merger Agreement has been filed to provide information to investors regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any
other factual information about Parent, Purchaser or Immunomedics, their respective businesses, or the actual conduct of
their respective businesses during the period prior to the consummation of the Offer, the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement and this summary should not be relied upon as disclosure about
Parent or Immunomedics. None of Immunomedics’ stockholders or any other third parties should rely on the
representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or
conditions of Parent, Purchaser, Immunomedics or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. The Merger Agreement
contains representations and warranties that are the product of negotiations among the parties thereto and that the parties
made to, and solely for the benefit of, each other as of specified dates. The assertions embodied in those representations
and warranties are subject to qualifications and limitations agreed to by the respective parties and are also qualified in
important part by confidential disclosure schedules delivered in connection with the signing of the Merger Agreement. The
representations and warranties (i) may have been made for the purpose of allocating contractual risk between the parties to
the Merger Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to
the contracting parties that differ from what an investor may view as material and (ii) may have been made only as of the date of the Merger Agreement or as of another date or dates as may be specified in the Merger Agreement, and information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the public disclosures of Immunomedics or Parent, if at all.

 

Item 8.01.

Other Events.

 

On September 13, 2020, Parent and Immunomedics
issued a joint press release announcing their entry into the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein.

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains
forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, related to Gilead, Immunomedics
and the acquisition of Immunomedics by Gilead that are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. All statements other
than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including all statements regarding
the intent, belief or current expectation of the companies’ and members of their senior management team. Forward-looking
statements include, without limitation, statements regarding the business combination and related matters, prospective performance
and opportunities, post-closing operations and the outlook for the companies’ businesses, including, without limitation,
the ability of Gilead to advance Immunomedics’ product pipeline and successfully commercialize Trodelvy; expectations
for achieving full U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval based on Immunomedics’ confirmatory data for Trodelvy and Immunomedics’
development of Trodelvy for additional indications; clinical trials (including the anticipated timing of clinical data, the funding
therefor, anticipated patient enrollment, trial outcomes, timing or associated costs); the possibility of unfavorable results
from clinical trials; regulatory applications and related timelines, including the filing and approval timelines for Biologics
License Applications and supplements; filings and approvals relating to the transaction; the expected timing of the completion
of the transaction; the ability to complete the transaction considering the various closing conditions; difficulties
or unanticipated expenses in connection with integrating the companies; and any assumptions underlying

 

 

 

any
of the foregoing. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and
involve risks and uncertainties and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual results
may differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Risks and uncertainties that
could cause the actual results to differ from expectations contemplated by forward-looking statements include: uncertainties as
to the timing of the tender offer and merger; uncertainties as to how many of Immunomedics’ stockholders will tender
their stock in the offer; the possibility that competing offers will be made; the possibility that various closing conditions
for the transaction may not be satisfied or waived, including that a governmental entity may prohibit, delay or refuse to grant
approval for the consummation of the transaction; the effects of the transaction on relationships with employees, other business
partners or governmental entities; the difficulty of predicting the timing or outcome of regulatory approvals or actions,
if any; Immunomedics’ ability to meet post-approval compliance obligations (on topics including but not limited to
product quality, product distribution and supply chain requirements, and promotional and marketing compliance); imposition of
significant post-approval regulatory requirements on Immunomedics’ products, including a requirement for a post-approval
confirmatory clinical study, or failure to maintain (if received) or obtain full regulatory approval for Immunomedics’ products
due to a failure to satisfy post-approval regulatory requirements, such as the submission of sufficient data from a confirmatory
clinical study; the impact of competitive products and pricing; other business effects, including the effects of industry,
economic or political conditions outside of the companies’ control; transaction costs; actual or contingent liabilities;
adverse impacts on business, operating results or financial condition in the future due to pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks,
such as COVID-19; and other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in the companies’ periodic reports filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including current reports on Form 8-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and annual reports on Form 10-K, as well as the Schedule 14D-9 to be filed by Immunomedics and the Schedule
TO and related tender offer documents to be filed by Gilead and Purchaser. All forward-looking statements are based on information
currently available to Gilead and Immunomedics, and Gilead and Immunomedics assume no obligation and disclaim any intent to update
any such forward-looking statements.

 

Additional Information and Where to Find It

 

The tender offer described in this Current
Report on Form 8-K has not yet commenced. This Current Report on Form 8-K is for informational purposes only and is neither an
offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of Immunomedics, nor is it a substitute for any tender offer materials
that Gilead, Purchaser or Immunomedics will file with the SEC. A solicitation and an offer to buy shares of Immunomedics will be
made only pursuant to an offer to purchase and related materials that Gilead intends to file with the SEC. At the time the tender
offer is commenced, Gilead will file a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO with the SEC, and Immunomedics will file a Solicitation/Recommendation
Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with the SEC with respect to the tender offer. IMMUNOMEDICS’ STOCKHOLDERS AND OTHER INVESTORS
ARE URGED TO READ THE TENDER OFFER MATERIALS (INCLUDING AN OFFER TO PURCHASE, A RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND CERTAIN OTHER
TENDER OFFER DOCUMENTS) AND THE SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION WHICH SHOULD
BE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE ANY DECISION IS MADE WITH RESPECT TO THE TENDER OFFER. The Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal
and certain other tender offer documents, as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, will be sent to all stockholders
of Immunomedics at no expense to them. The Tender Offer Statement and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will be made available
for free at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov. Additional copies may be obtained for free by contacting Gilead or Immunomedics.
Free copies of these materials and certain other offering documents will be made available by Gilead by mail to Gilead Sciences,
Inc., 333 Lakeside Drive, Foster City, CA 94404, attention: Investor Relations, by phone at 1-800-GILEAD-5 or 1-650-574-3000, or
by directing requests for such materials to the information agent for the offer, which will be named in the Tender Offer Statement.
Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Immunomedics will be available free of charge under the “Investors” section
of Immunomedics’ internet website at Immunomedics.com.

 

In addition to the Offer to Purchase, the
related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents, as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, Gilead
and Immunomedics file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Gilead’s
and Immunomedics’ filings with the SEC are also available for free to the public from commercial document-retrieval services
and at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov.

 

Item 9.01.

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d)       Exhibits

 

Exhibit
Number 

Description 

2.1*

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 13, 2020, among Immunomedics, Inc., Gilead Sciences, Inc. and Maui Merger Sub, Inc.

99.1

Joint Press Release, dated September 13, 2020.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

 

 

*

Schedules omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Gilead agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted
schedule to the SEC upon request.

 

 

 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

 

 

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:

/s/ Brett A. Pletcher

 

 

Name:

Brett A. Pletcher

 

 

Title:

Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs and General
Counsel

 

Dated: September 14, 2020