EX-99.1
2
d40828dex991.htm
EX-99.1

EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1

 

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. Announces Proposed Offering of $500 Million

of Convertible Senior Notes due 2027

SAN DIEGO, CA (February 23, 2021) — Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: HALO) (“Halozyme” or the “Company”), a leader in
converting IV biologics to subcutaneous delivery, today announced that it intends to offer, subject to market conditions and other factors, $500 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2027 (the “Convertible
Notes”). The Convertible Notes are to be offered and sold to “qualified institutional buyers” pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Company also expects to grant a 30-day option to the initial purchasers to purchase up to an additional $75 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes.

The Convertible Notes will be senior, unsecured obligations of the Company and will accrue interest payable semiannually in arrears. The Convertible Notes
will mature on March 1, 2027, unless earlier redeemed, repurchased or converted in accordance with their terms. Prior to September 1, 2026, the Convertible Notes will be convertible only upon the satisfaction of certain conditions and
during certain periods, and on and after September 1, 2026, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, the Convertible Notes will be convertible regardless of these
conditions. The Company will settle conversions in cash and, if applicable, shares of the Company’s common stock. The initial conversion rate, interest rate and other terms of the Convertible Notes will be determined at the time of pricing in
negotiations with the initial purchasers of the Convertible Notes.

The Company expects to use a portion of the net proceeds of the offering to enter into
privately negotiated agreements with certain holders of its outstanding 1.25% convertible senior notes due 2024 (the “Existing Convertible Notes”) to exchange their Existing Convertible Notes for a combination of cash and shares of its
common stock through privately negotiated transactions entered into concurrently with or shortly after the pricing of the proposed offering (the “Note Repurchases”). In addition, the Company plans to use up to $75 million of the net
proceeds of the offering to repurchase shares of its common stock under the existing stock repurchase program described below (the “Share Repurchases”), concurrently with, or shortly after, the pricing of the offering in privately
negotiated transactions or otherwise, which may be effected through one or more of the initial purchasers or any affiliate thereof.

These Note
Repurchases and Share Repurchases could increase (or reduce the size of any decrease in) the market price of Halozyme common stock or the Convertible Notes. We also expect that some existing noteholders may purchase or sell shares of the
Company’s common stock in the market to hedge their exposure in connection with these transactions. The Note Repurchases, Share Repurchases and any associated hedging by holders could affect the market price of the Company’s common stock
prior to, concurrently with or shortly after the pricing of the Convertible Notes and could also result in a higher effective conversion price for the Convertible Notes.

The Company intends to use the remainder of the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including other repurchases of the
Company’s common stock from time to time under the existing stock repurchase program described below, working capital, capital expenditures, potential acquisitions and strategic transactions. If the initial purchasers exercise their option to
purchase additional notes, the Company intends to use net proceeds from the sale of additional notes for general corporate purposes.

This press release
is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy the Convertible Notes or the shares of the Company’s common stock issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, if any, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in
any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Any offer of these securities will be made only by means
of a private offering memorandum.

The offer and sale of the Convertible Notes and the shares of the Company’s common stock issuable upon conversion of
the Convertible Notes, if any, have not been registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration
requirements.

Existing Stock Repurchase Program

In
November 2019, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a capital return program to repurchase up to $550.0 million of outstanding common stock over a three-year period. As of December 31, 2020, $200 million of Halozyme’s
common stock remained available for repurchase under this program.

Forward-looking Statements:

This press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding the
planned offering. Words such as “anticipates,” “estimates,” “expects,” “projects,” “forecasts,” “intends,” “plans,” “will,” “believes” and words and terms of
similar substance used in connection with any discussion identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs about future events and are inherently susceptible to
uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Except as required by law, the Company is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaim any obligation to, update or alter any forward-looking statements whether as a result of such changes, new
information, subsequent events or otherwise. With respect to the planned offering, such uncertainties and circumstances include whether the Company will offer the notes or consummate the offering; and the anticipated terms of the notes and the use
of the net proceeds from the offering. Various factors could also adversely affect the Company’s operations, business or financial results in the future and cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those contained in
the forward-looking statements, including those factors discussed in detail in the “Risk Factors” sections contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2020 which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

About Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc.

Halozyme is a biopharmaceutical company focused on bringing disruptive solutions to significantly improve patient experiences and outcomes for emerging and
established therapies. Halozyme advises and supports its biopharmaceutical partners in key aspects of new drug development with the goal of improving patients’ lives while helping its partners achieve global commercial success. Halozyme’s
proprietary enzyme rHuPH20 forms the basis of the ENHANZE® technology and is used to facilitate the delivery of injected drugs and fluids, potentially reducing the treatment burden of other
drugs to patients. Halozyme has licensed its ENHANZE® technology to leading pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies including Roche, Baxalta, Pfizer, Janssen, AbbVie, Lilly, Bristol-Myers
Squibb, Alexion, argenx and Horizon Therapeutics. Halozyme derives revenues from these collaborations in the form of milestones and royalties as the Company’s partners make progress developing and commercializing their products being developed
with ENHANZE®. Halozyme is headquartered in San Diego.