EX-99.1
2
tm203494d1_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1

 

Exhibit 99.1

 

 

 

Media Release

Planegg/Munich, Germany, and Wilmington, Delaware, U.S., January
13, 2020

 

 

MorphoSys and Incyte Sign Global Collaboration
and License Agreement for Tafasitamab

 

- MorphoSys and Incyte to co-commercialize tafasitamab in the U.S.

- Incyte has exclusive commercialization
rights outside of the U.S.

- MorphoSys and Incyte to host joint
conference call on January 13, 2020 at 7:00am PST / 4:00pm CET

 

MorphoSys AG (FSE: MOR; Prime Standard
Segment; MDAX & TecDAX; NASDAQ: MOR) and Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ: INCY) announced today that the companies have entered
into a collaboration and license agreement to further develop and commercialize MorphoSys’ proprietary anti-CD19 antibody
tafasitamab (MOR208) globally. Tafasitamab is an Fc-engineered antibody against CD19 currently in clinical development for the
treatment of B cell malignancies. MorphoSys and Incyte will co-commercialize tafasitamab in the U.S., while Incyte has exclusive
commercialization rights outside of the U.S.

 

“The global partnership with Incyte
is an important step towards unlocking the full potential of tafasitamab and achieving our goal of rapidly bringing tafasitamab
to patients inside and outside of the U.S.,” said Jean-Paul Kress, M.D., Chief Executive Officer of MorphoSys. “The
combination of our strong antibody and drug development expertise partnered with Incyte’s well-established hematology-oncology
experience and their commercial operations in key territories has the potential to significantly broaden the tafasitamab opportunity.
We are pleased to work with Incyte to jointly improve the lives of patients suffering from DLBCL and other devastating diseases.”

 

“Bringing together Incyte’s
expertise and MorphoSys‘ commitment to innovation will allow us to make tafasitamab widely available to patients with cancer,
upon approval,” said Hervé Hoppenot, CEO of Incyte. “We look forward to collaborating closely with the team
at MorphoSys and adding tafasitamab to our portfolio of oncology candidates as part of our committment to bringing new, advanced
treatment options to patients and the clinical community around the world.”

 

Under the terms of the agreement, MorphoSys
will receive an upfront payment of $750 million and, in addition, Incyte will make an equity investment into MorphoSys of $150
million in new American Depositary Shares (ADS) of MorphoSys at a premium to the share price at signing of the agreement. Depending
on the achievement of certain developmental, regulatory and commercial milestones, MorphoSys will be eligible to receive milestone
payments amounting to up to $1.1 billion. MorphoSys will also receive tiered royalties on ex-U.S. net sales of tafasitamab in a
mid-teens to mid-twenties percentage range of net sales.

 

In the U.S., MorphoSys and Incyte will
co-commercialize tafasitamab, with MorphoSys leading the commercialization strategy and booking all revenues from sales of tafasitamab.
Incyte and MorphoSys will be jointly responsible for commercialization activities in the U.S. and will share profits and losses
on a 50:50 basis. Outside the U.S., Incyte will have exclusive commercialization rights, and will lead the commercialization strategy
and book all revenues from sales of tafasitamab, paying MorphoSys royalties on ex-U.S. net sales.

 

Page 1 of 5

 

 

Furthermore, the companies will share development
costs associated with global and U.S.-specific trials at a rate of 55% (Incyte) to 45% (MorphoSys); Incyte will cover 100% of the
future development costs for trials that are specific to ex-U.S. countries.

 

Both parties have agreed to co-develop
tafasitamab broadly in relapsed/refractory diffuse large B cell lymphoma (r/r DLBCL), frontline DLBCL as well as additional indications
beyond DLBCL, such as follicular lymphoma (FL), marginal zone lymphoma (MZL) and chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL). Incyte will
be responsible for initiating a combination study of its investigational PI3K-delta inhibitor parsaclisib and tafasitamab in r/r
B cell malignancies. Further, Incyte will be responsible for leading any potential registration-enabling studies in CLL and a phase
3 trial in r/r FL/MZL. MorphoSys will continue to be responsible for its currently ongoing clinical trials of tafasitamab in non-Hodgkin
lymphoma (NHL), CLL, r/r DLBCL and frontline DLBCL. The parties will share responsibility in starting additional global trials,
and Incyte intends to pursue development in additional territories including Japan and China.

 

MorphoSys recently submitted a Biologics
License Application (BLA) for tafasitamab, in combination with lenalidomide, to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for
the treatment of r/r DLBCL; the FDA decision regarding a potential approval is expected by mid-2020. The submission of a Marketing
Authorization Application (MAA) to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in r/r DLBCL is planned for mid-2020.

 

The agreement between MorphoSys and Incyte,
including the equity investment, is subject to clearance by the U.S. antitrust authorities under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act as well
as by the German and Austrian antitrust authorities, and will become effective as soon as these conditions have been met.

 

MorphoSys and Incyte will host a joint
conference call on January 13, 2020 at 7:00am PST/ 4:00pm CET.

 

Dial-in numbers for the conference call
on Monday, January 13, 2020 at 7:00am PST; 3:00pm GMT; 10:00am EST; 04:00pm CET:

 

For Germany:      +49 69 201 744 220

For the U.K.:       +44 203 009 2470

For the U.S.:        +1 877 423 0830

 

Participant PIN:   55656540#

  

Please dial in 10 minutes before the beginning
of the conference.

 

A live webcast will be made available
at www.morphosys.com and at investor.incyte.com.

 

Page 2 of 5

 

 

About Tafasitamab

Tafasitamab is an investigational humanized
Fc-engineered monoclonal antibody directed against CD19. In 2010, MorphoSys licensed exclusive worldwide rights to develop and
commercialize tafasitamab from Xencor, Inc. Tafasitamab incorporates an XmAb® engineered Fc domain, which is intended
to lead to a significant potentiation of antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) and antibody-dependent cellular phagocytosis
(ADCP), thus aiming to improve a key mechanism of tumor cell killing. MorphoSys is clinically investigating tafasitamab as a therapeutic
option in B cell malignancies in a number of ongoing combination trials. An open-label phase 2 combination trial (L-MIND study)
is investigating the safety and efficacy of tafasitamab in combination with lenalidomide in patients with relapsed/refractory DLBCL
who are not eligible for high-dose chemotherapy (HDC) and autologous stem cell transplantation (ASCT). Based on interim data from
L-MIND, in October 2017 the U.S. FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation for tafasitamab plus lenalidomide in this patient
population. Re-MIND, the real-world data lenalidomide alone matched control cohort met its primary endpoint in October 2019, demonstrating
clinical superiority of the tafasitamab/lenalidomide combination compared to lenalidomide alone. The ongoing phase 3 study B-MIND
assesses the combination of tafasitamab and bendamustine versus rituximab and bendamustine in r/r DLBCL. In addition, tafasitamab
is currently being investigated in patients with relapsed/refractory CLL/SLL after discontinuation of a prior Bruton tyrosine kinase
(BTK) inhibitor therapy (e.g. ibrutinib) in combination with idelalisib or venetoclax.

 

About MorphoSys

MorphoSys (FSE & NASDAQ: MOR) is a
clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery, development and commercialization of exceptional, innovative
therapies for patients suffering from serious diseases. The focus is on cancer. Based on its leading expertise in antibody, protein
and peptide technologies, MorphoSys, together with its partners, has developed and contributed to the development of more than
100 product candidates, of which 28 are currently in clinical development. In 2017, Tremfya®, marketed by Janssen
for the treatment of plaque psoriasis, became the first drug based on MorphoSys’s antibody technology to receive regulatory
approval. The Company’s most advanced proprietary product candidate, tafasitamab (MOR208), has been granted U.S. FDA breakthrough
therapy designation for the treatment of patients with relapsed/refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL). Headquartered
near Munich, Germany, the MorphoSys group, including the fully owned U.S. subsidiary MorphoSys US Inc., has approximately 405
employees. More information at https://www.morphosys.com.

 

HuCAL®, HuCAL GOLD®,
HuCAL PLATINUM®, CysDisplay®, RapMAT®, arYla®, Ylanthia®,
100 billion high potentials®, Slonomics®, Lanthio Pharma®, LanthioPep®
and ENFORCERTM are trademarks of the MorphoSys Group. Tremfya® is a trademark of Janssen Biotech, Inc.
XmAb® is a trademark of Xencor, Inc.

  

About Parsaclisib

Parsaclisib (INCB50465) is a highly selective
and potent inhibitor of the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) isoform. PI3Kδ is an important target implicated
in malignant B-cell growth, survival and proliferation, and its inhibition has potential as a mechanism to treat hematologic malignancies
and a variety of B-cell mediated and antibody-driven diseases beyond oncology. The CITADEL (Clinical Investigation of TArgeted
PI3K-DELta Inhibition in Lymphomas) clinical trial program is currently evaluating parsaclisib in several ongoing Phase 2 trials
as a treatment for non-Hodgkin lymphomas (follicular, marginal zone and mantle cell). Parsaclisib is also being studied for patients
with autoimmune hemolytic anemia and as part of a combination therapy for patients with myeloproliferative neoplasms and non-Hodgkin
lymphomas including diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.

 

About Incyte Corporation

Incyte is a Wilmington, Delaware-based,
global biopharmaceutical company focused on finding solutions for serious unmet medical needs through the discovery, development
and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please visit Incyte.com and follow
@Incyte.

  

Page 3 of 5

 

 

MorphoSys forward looking statements

This communication
contains certain forward-looking statements concerning the MorphoSys group of companies, including the expectations regarding the
licensing agreement for tafasitamab, the further clinical development of tafasitamab, interactions
with regulatory authorities and expectations regarding regulatory filings and possible approvals for tafasitamab as well as the
potential future commercialization of tafasitamab. The forward-looking statements contained herein represent the judgment of MorphoSys
as of the date of this release and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which might cause the actual results, financial
condition and liquidity, performance or achievements of MorphoSys, or industry results, to be materially different from any historic
or future results, financial conditions and liquidity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. In addition, even if MorphoSys' results, performance, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the
industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements, they may not be predictive of results or developments
in future periods. Among the factors that may result in differences are MorphoSys' expectations regarding the licensing agreement
for tafasitamab, the further clinical development of tafasitamab, interactions with regulatory authorities and expectations regarding
regulatory filings and possible approvals for tafasitamab as well as the potential future commercialization of tafasitamab, MorphoSys'
reliance on collaborations with third parties, estimating the commercial potential of its development programs and other risks
indicated in the risk factors included in MorphoSys’s Annual Report on Form 20-F and other filings with the US Securities
and Exchange Commission. Given these uncertainties, the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. MorphoSys expressly disclaims
any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this document to reflect any change in its expectations with regard
thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based or that may affect the likelihood
that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements, unless specifically required by law or
regulation.

 

Incyte forward looking statements

Except for the historical information
set forth herein, the matters set forth in this press release contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements,
including without limitation statements regarding: whether the planned transaction will close within the expected timeframe or
ever; whether tafasitamab will be approved for use in humans anywhere or will be commercialized anywhere successfully or at all;
whether the MAA for tafacitinib will be submitted within the expected timeframe or at all; whether tafasitamab or parsaclisib will
be effective in the treatment of the indications discussed in this press release; whether this collaboration will broaden the potential
market for tafasitamab; and whether and when any of the milestone payments or royalties under this collaboration will ever be paid
by Incyte. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially,
including unanticipated developments in and risks related to: obtaining regulatory approval for this planned collaboration; research
and development efforts related to the collaboration programs; the possibility that results of clinical trials may be unsuccessful
or insufficient to meet applicable regulatory standards or warrant continued development; other market or economic factors, including
other scientific developments; unanticipated delays; the effects of market competition; risks associated with relationships between
collaboration partners; the impact of governmental actions regarding pricing, importation and reimbursement for pharmaceuticals;
and such other risks detailed from time to time in each company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
including Incyte’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019 and MorphoSys’s Annual Report
on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. Each party disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking
statements.

 

Page 4 of 5

 

 

For
more information, please contact:

 

MorphoSys
AG

 

Dr.
Sarah Fakih

Vice
President Corporate Communications & IR

Tel: +49 (0) 89 / 899 27-26663

Sarah.Fakih@morphosys.com

 

Dr.
Julia Neugebauer

Director
Corporate Communications & IR

Tel: +49 (0) 89 / 899 27-179

Julia.Neugebauer@morphosys.com

 

Dr.
Verena Kupas

Associate
Director Corporate Communications & IR

Tel: +49 (0) 89 / 899 27-26814

Verena.Kupas@morphosys.com

 

Incyte Corporation

 

Catalina Loveman

Executive Director, Public Affairs

Tel: +1 302 498 6171

cloveman@incyte.com

 

Dr. Michael Booth

Division Vice President, Investor Relations & Corporate Responsibility

Tel: +1 302 498 5914

mbooth@incyte.com

 

 

Page 5 of 5