EX-99.1
2
tm2034388d1_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1

 

FINAL

 

Exhibit 99.1

 

 

European
Commission Grants Marketing Authorization for ARIKAYCE® Liposomal 590 mg

Nebuliser Dispersion for the Treatment of NTM Lung Infections Caused by MAC in Adult

Non-CF Patients with Limited Treatment Options

 

—
ARIKAYCE is the First and Only Therapy Approved in Both the European Union and United States for This Difficult-To-Treat
Condition —

 

— Planned Product Launches to
Begin in Germany, Followed by UK and Other EU Countries —

 

BRIDGEWATER, N.J., October 28, 2020 /PRNewswire/ — Insmed
Incorporated (Nasdaq:INSM), a global biopharmaceutical company on a mission to transform the lives of patients with serious and
rare diseases, today announced that the European Commission (EC) has granted marketing authorization for ARIKAYCE®
Liposomal 590 mg Nebuliser Dispersion (“ARIKAYCE”) for the treatment of nontuberculous mycobacterial (NTM) lung infections
caused by Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) in adults with limited treatment options who do not have cystic fibrosis. Consideration
should be given to official guidance on the appropriate use of antibacterial agents.

 

“We are thrilled that for the first time, non-CF patients
with NTM lung infections caused by MAC in the European Union (EU) have an approved therapy to help manage this difficult-to-treat
condition, providing a new approach for those who have suffered with few, or no, treatment options,” said Will Lewis, Chair
and Chief Executive Officer of Insmed. “Today’s approval underscores our commitment to serving the MAC lung disease
community around the world, and we look forward to bringing ARIKAYCE to appropriate patients in the EU.”

 

The EC approval of ARIKAYCE is based on results from the randomized,
open-label, global Phase 3 CONVERT study, which demonstrated that once-daily ARIKAYCE, when combined with multi-drug regimen (MDR),
improved sputum culture conversion rates in patients with refractory NTM lung disease caused by MAC compared to MDR therapy alone.
The most common side effects with ARIKAYCE affecting the respiratory system are dysphonia, cough, dyspnea, and hemoptysis.

 

“Today’s approval marks a significant milestone
in advancing care for patients with MAC lung disease in the EU,” said Professor Michael Loebinger, Respiratory Consultant
at Royal Brompton Hospital, London, Professor of Practice (Respiratory Medicine) at Imperial College, London, and an investigator
in the CONVERT study. “Currently, many patients fail to respond to the standard treatment regimen and continue to suffer
from the debilitating effects of this rare and serious disease. Results from the landmark CONVERT study show that adding ARIKAYCE
has the potential to help patients who were refractory to standard treatment achieve culture conversion—a critical outcome.”

 

The EC approval follows a positive opinion from the Committee
for Medicinal Products for Human Use of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) on July 24, 2020. In addition, the Committee for Orphan
Medicinal Products of the EMA has adopted a positive opinion recommending that ARIKAYCE maintain Orphan Drug Designation in the
EU for the treatment of NTM lung disease, which was originally granted to Insmed in 2014.

 

Insmed plans to launch ARIKAYCE first in Germany, followed
by the United Kingdom (UK) and other EU markets, subject to local reimbursement processes. As part of Insmed’s comprehensive
approach to patient support, the Company has established country-specific programs to provide patients with direct and ongoing
support and information.

 

1

 

 

FINAL

 

 

“The treatment of MAC lung disease is challenging, with
a significant need for new therapies that improve upon the current standard of care and offer options to patients who previously
have not been treated successfully,” noted Marc Lipman, Professor of Respiratory Medicine at University College, London,
and one of the founding Trustees of NTM Patient Care UK.

 

In the United States, ARIKAYCE (under the generic name amikacin
liposome inhalation suspension), is the first and only approved treatment for MAC lung disease as part of a combination antibacterial
drug regimen for adult patients with limited or no alternative treatment options. Insmed has submitted a new drug application
for ARIKAYCE in Japan for the treatment of patients with NTM lung disease caused by MAC who did not sufficiently respond to prior
treatment.

 

About MAC Lung Disease

 

Mycobacterium avium complex
(MAC) lung disease is a rare and serious disorder that can significantly increase morbidity and mortality. Patients with MAC lung
disease can experience a range of symptoms that often worsen over time, including chronic cough, dyspnea, fatigue, fever, weight
loss, and chest pain. In some cases, MAC lung disease can cause severe, even permanent damage to the lungs, and can be fatal.
MAC lung disease is an emerging public health concern worldwide with significant unmet need.

 

About ARIKAYCE

 

ARIKAYCE is approved in the United
States as ARIKAYCE® (amikacin liposome inhalation suspension) and in the EU as ARIKAYCE® Liposomal
590 mg Nebuliser Dispersion. Current international treatment guidelines recommend the use of ARIKAYCE for appropriate patients.
ARIKAYCE is a novel, inhaled, once-daily formulation of amikacin, an established antibiotic that was historically administered
intravenously and associated with severe toxicity to hearing, balance, and kidney function. Insmed's proprietary PULMOVANCE™
liposomal technology enables the delivery of amikacin directly to the lungs, where liposomal amikacin is taken up by lung macrophages
where the infection resides, while limiting systemic exposure. ARIKAYCE is administered once daily using the Lamira® Nebulizer
System manufactured by PARI Pharma GmbH (PARI).

 

About PARI Pharma and the Lamira® Nebulizer
System

 

ARIKAYCE is delivered by a novel inhalation
device, the Lamira® Nebulizer System, developed by PARI. Lamira® is a quiet, portable
nebulizer that enables efficient aerosolization of ARIKAYCE via a vibrating, perforated membrane. Based on PARI's 100-year history
working with aerosols, PARI is dedicated to advancing inhalation therapies by developing innovative delivery platforms and new
pharmaceutical formulations that work together to improve patient care.

 

IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR
ARIKAYCE IN THE U.S.

 

WARNING: RISK OF INCREASED RESPIRATORY
ADVERSE REACTIONS  

 

ARIKAYCE has been associated with
an increased risk of respiratory adverse reactions, including hypersensitivity pneumonitis, hemoptysis, bronchospasm, and exacerbation
of underlying pulmonary disease that have led to hospitalizations in some cases. 

 

2

 

 

FINAL

 

 

 

Hypersensitivity Pneumonitis has
been reported with the use of ARIKAYCE in the clinical trials. Hypersensitivity pneumonitis (reported as allergic alveolitis,
pneumonitis, interstitial lung disease, allergic reaction to ARIKAYCE) was reported at a higher frequency in patients treated
with ARIKAYCE plus background regimen (3.1%) compared to patients treated with a background regimen alone (0%). Most patients
with hypersensitivity pneumonitis discontinued treatment with ARIKAYCE and received treatment with corticosteroids. If hypersensitivity
pneumonitis occurs, discontinue ARIKAYCE and manage patients as medically appropriate.

 

Hemoptysis has
been reported with the use of ARIKAYCE in the clinical trials. Hemoptysis was reported at a higher frequency in patients treated
with ARIKAYCE plus background regimen (17.9%) compared to patients treated with a background regimen alone (12.5%). If hemoptysis
occurs, manage patients as medically appropriate.

 

Bronchospasm has
been reported with the use of ARIKAYCE in the clinical trials. Bronchospasm (reported as asthma, bronchial hyperreactivity, bronchospasm,
dyspnea, dyspnea exertional, prolonged expiration, throat tightness, wheezing) was reported at a higher frequency in patients
treated with ARIKAYCE plus background regimen (28.7%) compared to patients treated with a background regimen alone (10.7%).
If bronchospasm occurs during the use of ARIKAYCE, treat patients as medically appropriate.

 

Exacerbations of underlying
pulmonary disease has been reported with the use of ARIKAYCE in the clinical trials. Exacerbations of underlying
pulmonary disease (reported as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), infective exacerbation of COPD, infective exacerbation
of bronchiectasis) have been reported at a higher frequency in patients treated with ARIKAYCE plus background regimen (14.8%)
compared to patients treated with background regimen alone (9.8%). If exacerbations of underlying pulmonary disease
occur during the use of ARIKAYCE, treat patients as medically appropriate.

 

Anaphylaxis and Hypersensitivity
Reactions: Serious and potentially life-threatening hypersensitivity reactions, including anaphylaxis,
have been reported in patients taking ARIKAYCE. Signs and symptoms include acute onset of skin and mucosal tissue hypersensitivity
reactions (hives, itching, flushing, swollen lips/tongue/uvula), respiratory difficulty (shortness of breath, wheezing, stridor,
cough), gastrointestinal symptoms (nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, crampy abdominal pain), and cardiovascular signs and symptoms of
anaphylaxis (tachycardia, low blood pressure, syncope, incontinence, dizziness). Before therapy with ARIKAYCE is instituted, evaluate
for previous hypersensitivity reactions to aminoglycosides. If anaphylaxis or a hypersensitivity reaction occurs, discontinue
ARIKAYCE and institute appropriate supportive measures.

 

Ototoxicity has
been reported with the use of ARIKAYCE in the clinical trials. Ototoxicity (including deafness, dizziness, presyncope, tinnitus,
and vertigo) were reported with a higher frequency in patients treated with ARIKAYCE plus background regimen (17%) compared to
patients treated with background regimen alone (9.8%). This was primarily driven by tinnitus (7.6% in ARIKAYCE plus background
regimen vs 0.9% in the background regimen alone arm) and dizziness (6.3% in ARIKAYCE plus background regimen vs 2.7% in the background
regimen alone arm). Closely monitor patients with known or suspected auditory or vestibular dysfunction during treatment
with ARIKAYCE. If ototoxicity occurs, manage patients as medically appropriate, including potentially discontinuing ARIKAYCE.

 

Nephrotoxicity was
observed during the clinical trials of ARIKAYCE in patients with MAC lung disease but not at a higher frequency than background
regimen alone. Nephrotoxicity has been associated with the aminoglycosides. Close monitoring of patients with known or suspected
renal dysfunction may be needed when prescribing ARIKAYCE.

 

3

 

 

FINAL

 

 

 

Neuromuscular Blockade:
Patients with neuromuscular disorders were not enrolled in ARIKAYCE clinical trials. Patients with known or suspected neuromuscular
disorders, such as myasthenia gravis, should be closely monitored since aminoglycosides may aggravate muscle weakness by blocking
the release of acetylcholine at neuromuscular junctions.

 

Embryo-Fetal Toxicity: Aminoglycosides
can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Aminoglycosides, including ARIKAYCE, may be associated with total,
irreversible, bilateral congenital deafness in pediatric patients exposed in utero. Patients who use ARIKAYCE during
pregnancy, or become pregnant while taking ARIKAYCE should be apprised of the potential hazard to the fetus.

 

Contraindications:
ARIKAYCE is contraindicated in patients with known hypersensitivity to any aminoglycoside.

 

Most Common Adverse Reactions:
The most common adverse reactions in Trial 1 at an incidence ≥5% for patients using ARIKAYCE plus background regimen compared
to patients treated with background regimen alone were dysphonia (47% vs 1%), cough (39% vs 17%), bronchospasm (29% vs 11%), hemoptysis
(18% vs 13%), ototoxicity (17% vs 10%), upper airway irritation (17% vs 2%), musculoskeletal pain (17% vs 8%), fatigue and asthenia
(16% vs 10%), exacerbation of underlying pulmonary disease (15% vs 10%), diarrhea (13% vs 5%), nausea (12% vs 4%), pneumonia (10%
vs 8%), headache (10% vs 5%), pyrexia (7% vs 5%), vomiting (7% vs 4%), rash (6% vs 2%), decreased weight (6% vs 1%), change in
sputum (5% vs 1%), and chest discomfort (5% vs 3%).

 

Drug Interactions: Avoid
concomitant use of ARIKAYCE with medications associated with neurotoxicity, nephrotoxicity, and ototoxicity. Some diuretics can
enhance aminoglycoside toxicity by altering aminoglycoside concentrations in serum and tissue. Avoid concomitant use of ARIKAYCE
with ethacrynic acid, furosemide, urea, or intravenous mannitol.

 

Overdosage:
Adverse reactions specifically associated with overdose of ARIKAYCE have not been identified. Acute toxicity should be
treated with immediate withdrawal of ARIKAYCE, and baseline tests of renal function should be undertaken. Hemodialysis may be
helpful in removing amikacin from the body. In all cases of suspected overdosage, physicians should contact the Regional Poison
Control Center for information about effective treatment.

 

U.S. INDICATION

 

LIMITED POPULATION: ARIKAYCE® is indicated
in adults, who have limited or no alternative treatment options, for the treatment of Mycobacterium avium complex
(MAC) lung disease as part of a combination antibacterial drug regimen in patients who do not achieve negative sputum cultures
after a minimum of 6 consecutive months of a multidrug background regimen therapy. As only limited clinical safety and effectiveness
data for ARIKAYCE are currently available, reserve ARIKAYCE for use in adults who have limited or no alternative treatment options. This
drug is indicated for use in a limited and specific population of patients.

 

This indication is approved under accelerated approval based
on achieving sputum culture conversion (defined as 3 consecutive negative monthly sputum cultures) by Month 6. Clinical benefit
has not yet been established. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical
benefit in confirmatory trials.

 

Limitation of Use: ARIKAYCE
has only been studied in patients with refractory MAC lung disease defined as patients who did not achieve negative sputum cultures
after a minimum of 6 consecutive months of a multidrug background regimen therapy. The use of ARIKAYCE is not recommended for
patients with non-refractory MAC lung disease.

 

4

 

 

FINAL

 

 

 

Patients are encouraged to report
negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1–800–FDA–1088.
You can also call the Company at 1-844-4-INSMED.

 

Please see Full
Prescribing Information.

 

About Insmed

 

Insmed Incorporated is a global
biopharmaceutical company on a mission to transform the lives of patients with serious and rare diseases. Insmed's first commercial
product, ARIKAYCE® (amikacin liposome inhalation suspension), is the first and only therapy approved in the
United States for the treatment of refractory Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) lung disease as part of
a combination antibacterial drug regimen for adult patients with limited or no alternative treatment options. MAC lung disease
is a chronic, debilitating condition that can cause severe and permanent lung damage. Insmed's earlier-stage clinical pipeline
includes brensocatib, a novel oral reversible inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 1 with therapeutic potential in non-cystic fibrosis
bronchiectasis and other inflammatory diseases, and treprostinil palmitil, an inhaled formulation of a treprostinil prodrug that
may offer a differentiated product profile for rare pulmonary disorders, including pulmonary arterial hypertension. For more information,
visit www.insmed.com.

 

Forward-looking Statements

 

This press release contains forward-looking statements that
involve substantial risks and uncertainties. "Forward-looking statements," as that term is defined in the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, are statements that are not historical facts and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Words
herein such as "may," "will," "should," "could," "would," "expects,"
"plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "projects," "predicts,"
"intends," "potential," "continues," and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions
referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) may identify forward-looking statements.

 

The forward-looking statements in this press release are based
upon the Company's current expectations and beliefs, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which
may cause the Company's actual results, performance and achievements and the timing of certain events to differ materially from
the results, performance, achievements or timing discussed, projected, anticipated or indicated in any forward-looking statements.
Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, among others, the following: failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining, regulatory
approvals for ARIKAYCE outside the U.S. and the European Union or for the Company's product candidates in the U.S., Europe, Japan or
other markets, including the United Kingdom as a result of its recent exit from the European Union; failure to successfully
commercialize or maintain U.S. approval for ARIKAYCE, the Company's only approved product; business or economic disruptions due
to catastrophes or other events, including natural disasters or public health crises; impact of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19)
pandemic and efforts to reduce its spread on the Company’s business, employees, including key personnel, patients, partners
and suppliers; uncertainties in the degree of market acceptance of ARIKAYCE by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others
in the healthcare community; the Company's inability to obtain full approval of ARIKAYCE from the FDA, including the risk that
the Company will not timely and successfully complete the study to validate a PRO tool and complete the confirmatory post-marketing
study required for full approval of ARIKAYCE; inability of the Company, PARI or the Company's other third party manufacturers
to comply with regulatory requirements related to ARIKAYCE or the Lamira® Nebulizer System; the Company's
inability to obtain adequate reimbursement from government or third-party payors for ARIKAYCE or acceptable prices for ARIKAYCE;
development of unexpected safety or efficacy concerns related to ARIKAYCE; inaccuracies in the Company's estimates of the size
of the potential markets for ARIKAYCE or in data the Company has used to identify physicians; expected rates of patient uptake,
duration of expected treatment, or expected patient adherence or discontinuation rates; the Company's inability to create an effective
direct sales and marketing infrastructure or to partner with third parties that offer such an infrastructure for distribution
of ARIKAYCE; failure to obtain regulatory approval to expand ARIKAYCE's indication to a broader patient population; failure to
successfully conduct future clinical trials for ARIKAYCE; failure of third parties on which the Company is dependent to manufacture
sufficient quantities of ARIKAYCE or the Company's product candidates for commercial or clinical needs, to conduct the Company's
clinical trials, or to comply with laws and regulations that impact the Company's business or agreements with the Company; the
Company's inability to attract and retain key personnel or to effectively manage the Company's growth; the Company's inability
to adapt to its highly competitive and changing environment; the Company's limited experience operating internationally; and changes
in laws and regulations applicable to the Company's business, including any pricing reform, and failure to comply with such laws
and regulations.

 

5

 

 

FINAL

 

The Company may not actually achieve the
results, plans, intentions or expectations indicated by the Company's forward-looking statements because, by their nature, forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur
in the future. For additional information about the risks and uncertainties that may affect the Company's business, please see
the factors discussed in Item 1A, "Risk Factors," in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2019, the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 and any subsequent Company
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

 

The Company cautions readers not to place
undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. The Company disclaims
any obligation, except as specifically required by law and the rules of the SEC, to publicly update or revise any such statements
to reflect any change in expectations or in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements may be based, or
that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.

 

Contact:

 

Investors:

 

Argot Partners

Laura Perry or Heather Savelle

(212) 600-1902 

Insmed@argotpartners.com

 

Media:

 

Mandy Fahey 

Senior Director, Corporate Communications 

Insmed 

(732) 718-3621 

amanda.fahey@insmed.com

 

 

# # #

 

6