EX-99.1
2
ef20044166_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1

Exhibit 99.1

 

Insmed Announces that FDA Does Not Currently Plan to Hold Advisory Committee Meeting to Discuss New Drug Application for
Brensocatib in Patients with Bronchiectasis

—FDA Reaffirms Application is Under Priority Review with a PDUFA Target Action Date of August 12, 2025—

BRIDGEWATER, N.J., February 24, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Insmed Incorporated (Nasdaq: INSM), a people-first global biopharmaceutical
company striving to deliver first- and best-in-class therapies to transform the lives of patients facing serious diseases, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has informed the
Company that it does not currently plan to hold an advisory committee meeting to discuss the New Drug Application (NDA) for brensocatib for patients with non-cystic fibrosis bronchiectasis. The FDA provided this update in its Day 74 communication
to Insmed.

“We are very pleased with our ongoing communications with the FDA about the NDA for brensocatib,” said Martina Flammer, M.D., MBA, Chief Medical
Officer of Insmed. “We are committed to working closely with the agency to successfully complete the review and potentially bring forward this much-needed treatment for patients with bronchiectasis.”

The FDA had previously granted Priority Review to Insmed’s NDA for brensocatib and set a target action date of August 12, 2025, under the Prescription
Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA). This NDA is based on data from the landmark ASPEN study, the largest Phase 3 study ever conducted in patients with bronchiectasis. Brensocatib
has the potential to become the first and only approved treatment for bronchiectasis and the first in a new class of medicines called dipeptidyl peptidase 1 (DPP1) inhibitors for the treatment of neutrophil-mediated diseases.

About Bronchiectasis  

Bronchiectasis is a serious, chronic lung disease in which the bronchi become permanently dilated due to a cycle of infection, inflammation, and lung tissue
damage. The condition is marked by frequent pulmonary exacerbations requiring antibiotic therapy and/or hospitalizations. Symptoms include chronic cough, excessive sputum production, shortness of breath, and repeated respiratory infections, which can
worsen the underlying condition. Today, approximately 500,000 patients in the U.S., 600,000 patients in the EU5 (France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and UK), and 150,000 patients in Japan have been diagnosed with bronchiectasis, and there are currently no
approved therapies specifically targeting bronchiectasis in these regions.

About Brensocatib

Brensocatib is a small molecule, oral, reversible inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 1 (DPP1) being developed by Insmed for the treatment of patients
with bronchiectasis, chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyps, hidradenitis suppurativa, and other neutrophil-mediated diseases. DPP1 is an enzyme responsible for activating neutrophil serine proteases (NSPs), such as neutrophil elastase, in
neutrophils when they are formed in the bone marrow. Neutrophils are the most common type of white blood cell and play an essential role in pathogen destruction and inflammatory mediation. In chronic inflammatory lung diseases, neutrophils accumulate
in the airways and result in excessive active NSPs that cause lung destruction and inflammation. Brensocatib may decrease the damaging effects of inflammatory diseases such as bronchiectasis by inhibiting DPP1 and its activation of NSPs. Brensocatib
is an investigational drug product that has not been approved for any indication in any jurisdiction.

About Insmed

Insmed Incorporated is a people-first global biopharmaceutical company striving to deliver first- and best-in-class therapies to transform the lives of
patients facing serious diseases. The Company is advancing a diverse portfolio of approved and mid- to late-stage investigational medicines as well as cutting-edge drug discovery focused on serving patient communities where the need is greatest.
Insmed’s most advanced programs are in pulmonary and inﬂammatory conditions, including a therapy approved in the United States, Europe, and Japan to treat a chronic, debilitating lung disease. The Company’s pre-clinical research programs encompass a
wide range of technologies and modalities, including gene therapy, AI-driven protein engineering, protein manufacturing, RNA end-joining, and synthetic rescue.

Headquartered in Bridgewater, New Jersey, Insmed has offices and research locations throughout the United States, Europe, and Japan. Insmed is proud to be
recognized as one of the best employers in the biopharmaceutical industry, including spending four consecutive years as the No. 1 Science Top Employer. Visit
www.insmed.com to learn more.

Forward-looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. “Forward-looking statements,” as that term is
defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, are statements that are not historical facts and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Words herein such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expects,” “plans,”
“anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “projects,” “predicts,” “intends,” “potential,” “continues,” and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) may identify forward-looking
statements.

The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon the Company’s current expectations and beliefs, and involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the Company’s actual results, performance and achievements and the timing of certain events to differ materially from the results, performance, achievements or timings discussed, projected,
anticipated or indicated in any forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, among others, the following: the risk that the full data set from the ASPEN study or data generated in further clinical trials of
brensocatib will not be consistent with the topline results of the ASPEN study or any additional results of the ASPEN study; failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining, regulatory approvals for brensocatib in the U.S., Europe or Japan; failure to
successfully commercialize brensocatib, if approved by applicable regulatory authorities, in the U.S., Europe or Japan, or to maintain U.S., European or Japanese approval for brensocatib once approved; uncertainties in the degree of market acceptance
of brensocatib by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the healthcare community; inaccuracies in the Company’s estimates of the size of the potential markets for brensocatib or in data the Company has used to identify physicians;
expected rates of patient uptake, duration of expected treatment, or expected patient adherence or discontinuation rates; inability of the Company, Esteve Química, S.A., Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. or the Company’s other third-party manufacturers
to comply with regulatory requirements related to brensocatib; the Company’s inability to obtain adequate reimbursement from government or third-party payors for brensocatib or acceptable prices for brensocatib; development of unexpected safety or
efficacy concerns related to brensocatib; failure to obtain regulatory approval for potential future brensocatib indications; restrictions or other obligations imposed on us by agreements related to brensocatib, including our license agreement with
AstraZeneca AB, and failure to comply with our obligations under such agreements; failure to successfully conduct future clinical trials for brensocatib, including due to the Company’s potential inability to enroll or retain sufficient patients to
conduct and complete the trials or generate data necessary for regulatory approval, among other things; risks that the Company’s clinical studies will be delayed or that serious side effects will be identified during drug development; failure of
third parties on which the Company is dependent to manufacture sufficient quantities of brensocatib for commercial or clinical needs, to conduct the Company’s clinical trials, or to comply with the Company’s agreements or laws and regulations that
impact the Company’s business or agreements with the Company; the strength and enforceability of the Company’s intellectual property rights or the rights of third parties; the cost and potential reputational damage resulting from litigation to which
the Company may become a party, including product liability claims; changes in laws and regulations applicable to the Company’s business and failure to comply with such laws and regulations; business or economic disruptions due to catastrophes or
other events, including natural disasters or public health crises; and inability to repay the Company’s existing indebtedness and uncertainties with respect to the Company’s need and ability to access future capital.

The Company may not actually achieve the results, plans, intentions or expectations indicated by the Company’s forward-looking statements because, by
their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. For additional information about the risks and uncertainties that may affect
the Company’s business, please see the factors discussed in Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and any subsequent Company filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC).

The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release.
The Company disclaims any obligation, except as specifically required by law and the rules of the SEC, to publicly update or revise any such statements to reflect any change in expectations or in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such
statements may be based, or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.

Contact:

Bryan Dunn

Vice President, Investor Relations

(646) 812-4030

bryan.dunn@insmed.com

Michael V. Morabito, Ph.D.

Director, Investor Relations

(917) 936-8430

michael.morabito@insmed.com

Gianna De Palma

Manager, Investor Relations

(973) 886-2236

gianna.depalma@insmed.com

Media:

Mandy Fahey

Vice President, Corporate Communications

(732) 718-3621

amanda.fahey@insmed.com