EX-99.1
2
brhc10046302_99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1

Exhibit 99.1

Insmed Provides Business Updates and Near-Term Strategic Outlook at 41st Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference

—Topline Data from Phase 2 PK/PD Study of Brensocatib in Patients with Cystic Fibrosis Show Clear Dose Response at all Evaluated Doses—

—Treatment Discontinuation Rate of 15% Reported in Postmarketing ARISE Trial of ARIKAYCE® (amikacin liposome inhalation suspension) in
Frontline Patients with MAC Lung Disease—Less than Half that of Pivotal Trial in Refractory Patients—

—Blended, Blinded Event Rate Ranging from 1.12 to 1.15 Events Per Patient Per Year Reported in Phase 3 ASPEN Trial of Brensocatib in Patients with
Bronchiectasis, in Line with Expectations—

—Company Expects to Report 30% Global Revenue Growth for ARIKAYCE in 2022 Compared with 2021—

—2023 Global ARIKAYCE Revenues Expected to be Between $285 Million and $300 Million—

BRIDGEWATER, N.J., January 6, 2023 /PRNewswire/ — Insmed Incorporated (Nasdaq:INSM), a global biopharmaceutical company on a mission to transform the lives of patients
with serious and rare diseases, today provided an update on the Company’s four pillars and outlined its near-term strategic priorities. These updates will be discussed as part of the Company’s presentation at the 41st Annual J.P. Morgan
Healthcare Conference in San Francisco on Monday, January 9, 2023, at 4:30 p.m. PT (7:30 p.m. ET).

“With a strong commercial engine, meaningful cash on hand, and a maturing pipeline with multiple near-term catalysts, Insmed is well-positioned to become one of the next
great multiproduct biotechnology companies,” said Will Lewis, Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Insmed. “The next 18 months will be the most critical period in our history as we share clinical data from across our pipeline and set the stage for
sustainable growth that will enable us to go from serving tens of thousands of patients with serious and rare diseases to potentially more than 1 million. Importantly, we are very encouraged by the data we reported today from our Phase 2 PK/PD
study of brensocatib in patients with cystic fibrosis, which show clear dose-dependent inhibition of neutrophil serine proteases across all doses and support the mechanism of action of this highly innovative potential therapy.”

Strategic Priorities:

Insmed is focused on the following near-term strategic priorities:

•

Control expenses by leveraging our reliable revenue stream while carefully deploying capital from significant cash on hand to advance our four pillars, concentrating more than 80% of expenditures on our mid- to
late-stage pipeline and commercial business

•

Execute our mid- to late-stage clinical trials and produce topline clinical data readouts in the near term

 

1

•

Advance commercial readiness activities as we prepare to potentially serve significantly more patients with serious and rare diseases

•

Initiate new clinical trials from our early-stage pipeline, including gene therapies

•

Continue to provide ARIKAYCE to appropriate patients with refractory nontuberculous mycobacterial lung disease caused by Mycobacterium avium complex
(MAC)

 

Progress and Anticipated Milestones by Pillar:

Pillar 1: ARIKAYCE

•

Insmed continues to expect full-year 2022 global revenues for ARIKAYCE to increase 30% year over year from 2021. For the full year 2023, Insmed anticipates ARIKAYCE global revenues will be between $285 million
and $300 million.

•

Insmed is advancing the development of ARIKAYCE in a frontline setting of patients newly diagnosed with MAC lung disease, consisting of the postmarketing confirmatory ARISE and ENCORE trials. Enrollment is
complete in ARISE and Insmed anticipates sharing topline efficacy and safety data from the study in the third quarter of 2023. The Company today reported a treatment discontinuation rate in ARISE of 15%, which is less than half the
discontinuation rate observed in the pivotal CONVERT trial of ARIKAYCE in patients with refractory MAC lung disease.

•

The Company continues to anticipate completing enrollment in ENCORE by the end of 2023.

 

Pillar 2: Brensocatib

•

Enrollment remains on track in the Phase 3 ASPEN study, a global, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial to assess the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of brensocatib in patients with
bronchiectasis. Insmed continues to anticipate completing enrollment in this trial in the first quarter of 2023 and sharing topline data in the second quarter of 2024. The Company today reported that the blended, blinded rate of pulmonary
exacerbations in the ASPEN trial is in line with expectations, ranging from 1.12 to 1.15 events per patient per year in the most recent three months of the study.

•

Insmed today reported topline data from the Phase 2 pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic study of brensocatib in patients with cystic fibrosis (CF). Researchers observed a clear dose-dependent and exposure-dependent
inhibition of blood neutrophil serine proteases (NSPs) in patients treated with brensocatib across all doses in this study, consistent with the mechanism of action of brensocatib. Safety and tolerability were consistent with what was
observed during the Phase 2 WILLOW study, with no significant drug-related findings. The Company concluded that an additional cohort evaluating a 65 mg dose of brensocatib is not needed in this patient population.

•

As previously shared, Insmed plans to develop brensocatib in chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyps (CRSsNP), targeting severely affected patients. CRSsNP currently has no approved therapies and many
patients do not respond to corticosteroids or endoscopic sinus surgery. Insmed anticipates moving brensocatib into Phase 2 development for CRSsNP by the middle of 2023.

 

Pillar 3: TPIP

•

Insmed is currently enrolling two Phase 2 studies of treprostinil palmitil inhalation powder (TPIP), one in patients with pulmonary hypertension associated with interstitial lung disease (PH-ILD) and the other in
patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH).

•

The Company anticipates sharing interim, blinded dose titration and safety and tolerability data from the PH-ILD study in the second half of 2023. Topline results from the PH-ILD study continue to be expected to
be shared in the first half of 2024.

 

2

Pillar 4: Early-Stage Research

•

Insmed is advancing an early-stage research portfolio encompassing a wide range of technologies and modalities, including gene therapy, artificial intelligence-driven protein engineering, and protein
manufacturing.

•

The Company today announced that the initial therapeutic areas of focus for this pillar include musculoskeletal, central nervous system (CNS), ocular, and rheumatologic diseases. The first investigational new
drug (IND) filing is expected to be completed in the first half of 2023.  Preclinical data in musculoskeletal and CNS indications are also expected in the first half of 2023 and clinical data from the first trial in a musculoskeletal
disease are anticipated in the first half of 2024.

•

Insmed anticipates having at least six IND applications filed or Phase 1 studies underway from this portfolio by the end of 2025.

•

The Company plans to provide an update on its early-stage research, including a deeper look at preclinical data across several target diseases, during a research day in the second quarter of 2023.

 

Presentation at the 41st Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference

Will Lewis, Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Insmed, will present at the 41st Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference on Monday, January 9, 2023, at 4:30
p.m. PT (7:30 p.m. ET). A live audio webcast of the presentation will be available on the Investor Relations section of the Company's website at www.insmed.com. A replay will also be archived for 90 days on the Investor Relations section of the
site.

About ARIKAYCE

ARIKAYCE is approved in the United States as ARIKAYCE® (amikacin liposome inhalation suspension), in Europe as ARIKAYCE® Liposomal 590 mg Nebuliser
Dispersion, and in Japan as ARIKAYCE® inhalation 590 mg (amikacin sulfate inhalation drug product). Current international treatment guidelines recommend the use of ARIKAYCE for appropriate patients. ARIKAYCE is a novel, inhaled,
once-daily formulation of amikacin, an established antibiotic that was historically administered intravenously and associated with severe toxicity to hearing, balance, and kidney function. Insmed’s proprietary PULMOVANCE® liposomal
technology enables the delivery of amikacin directly to the lungs, where liposomal amikacin is taken up by lung macrophages where the infection resides, while limiting systemic exposure. ARIKAYCE is administered once daily using the Lamira®
Nebulizer System manufactured by PARI Pharma GmbH (PARI).

About PARI Pharma and the Lamira® Nebulizer System

ARIKAYCE is delivered by a novel inhalation device, the Lamira® Nebulizer System, developed by PARI. Lamira® is a quiet, portable nebulizer that
enables efficient aerosolization of ARIKAYCE via a vibrating, perforated membrane. Based on PARI’s 100-year history working with aerosols, PARI is dedicated to advancing inhalation therapies by developing innovative delivery platforms to improve
patient care.

3

About Brensocatib

Brensocatib is a small molecule, oral, reversible inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 1 (DPP1) being developed by Insmed for the treatment of patients with bronchiectasis
and other neutrophil-mediated diseases. DPP1 is an enzyme responsible for activating neutrophil serine proteases (NSPs), such as neutrophil elastase, in neutrophils when they are formed in the bone marrow. Neutrophils are the most common type of
white blood cell and play an essential role in pathogen destruction and inflammatory mediation. In chronic inflammatory lung diseases, neutrophils accumulate in the airways and result in excessive active NSPs that cause lung destruction and
inflammation. Brensocatib may decrease the damaging effects of inflammatory diseases such as bronchiectasis by inhibiting DPP1 and its activation of NSPs. Brensocatib is an investigational drug product that has not been approved for any indication
in any jurisdiction.

About TPIP

Treprostinil palmitil inhalation powder (TPIP) is a dry powder formulation of treprostinil palmitil, a treprostinil prodrug consisting of treprostinil linked by an ester
bond to a 16-carbon chain. Developed entirely in Insmed’s laboratories, TPIP is a potentially highly differentiated prostanoid being evaluated for the treatment of patients with PAH, PH-ILD, and other rare and serious pulmonary disorders. TPIP is
administered in a capsule-based inhalation device. TPIP is an investigational drug product that has not been approved for any indication in any jurisdiction.

IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR ARIKAYCE IN THE U.S.

 

WARNING: RISK OF INCREASED RESPIRATORY ADVERSE REACTIONS

 

ARIKAYCE has been associated with an increased risk of respiratory adverse reactions, including hypersensitivity pneumonitis, hemoptysis,
bronchospasm, and exacerbation of underlying pulmonary disease that have led to hospitalizations in some cases.

Hypersensitivity Pneumonitis has
been reported with the use of ARIKAYCE in the clinical trials. Hypersensitivity pneumonitis (reported as allergic alveolitis, pneumonitis, interstitial lung disease, allergic reaction to ARIKAYCE) was reported at a higher frequency in patients
treated with ARIKAYCE plus background regimen (3.1%) compared to patients treated with a background regimen alone (0%). Most patients with hypersensitivity pneumonitis discontinued treatment with ARIKAYCE and received treatment with
corticosteroids. If hypersensitivity pneumonitis occurs, discontinue ARIKAYCE and manage patients as medically appropriate.

 

Hemoptysis has been reported
with the use of ARIKAYCE in the clinical trials. Hemoptysis was reported at a higher frequency in patients treated with ARIKAYCE plus background regimen (17.9%) compared to patients treated with a background regimen alone (12.5%). If hemoptysis occurs, manage patients as medically appropriate.

 

Bronchospasm has been reported
with the use of ARIKAYCE in the clinical trials. Bronchospasm (reported as asthma, bronchial hyperreactivity, bronchospasm, dyspnea, dyspnea exertional, prolonged expiration, throat tightness, wheezing) was reported at a higher frequency in
patients treated with ARIKAYCE plus background regimen (28.7%) compared to patients treated with a background regimen alone (10.7%). If bronchospasm occurs during the use of ARIKAYCE,
treat patients as medically appropriate.

 

Exacerbations of underlying pulmonary disease has been reported with the use of ARIKAYCE in the clinical trials. Exacerbations of underlying pulmonary disease (reported as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), infective exacerbation of COPD, infective exacerbation of
bronchiectasis) have been reported at a higher frequency in patients treated with ARIKAYCE plus background regimen (14.8%) compared to patients treated with background regimen alone (9.8%).
If exacerbations of underlying pulmonary disease occur during the use of ARIKAYCE, treat patients as medically appropriate.

 

4

Anaphylaxis and Hypersensitivity Reactions: Serious and potentially life-threatening hypersensitivity reactions, including anaphylaxis, have been reported in patients taking ARIKAYCE. Signs and symptoms include acute onset of skin and mucosal tissue hypersensitivity reactions
(hives, itching, flushing, swollen lips/tongue/uvula), respiratory difficulty (shortness of breath, wheezing, stridor, cough), gastrointestinal symptoms (nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, crampy abdominal pain), and cardiovascular signs and symptoms
of anaphylaxis (tachycardia, low blood pressure, syncope, incontinence, dizziness). Before therapy with ARIKAYCE is instituted, evaluate for previous hypersensitivity reactions to aminoglycosides. If anaphylaxis or a hypersensitivity reaction
occurs, discontinue ARIKAYCE and institute appropriate supportive measures.

 

Ototoxicity has been reported
with the use of ARIKAYCE in the clinical trials. Ototoxicity (including deafness, dizziness, presyncope, tinnitus, and vertigo) were reported with a higher frequency in patients treated with ARIKAYCE plus background regimen (17%) compared to
patients treated with background regimen alone (9.8%). This was primarily driven by tinnitus (7.6% in ARIKAYCE plus background regimen vs 0.9% in the background regimen alone arm) and
dizziness (6.3% in ARIKAYCE plus background regimen vs 2.7% in the background regimen alone arm). Closely monitor patients with known or suspected auditory or vestibular dysfunction
during treatment with ARIKAYCE. If ototoxicity occurs, manage patients as medically appropriate, including potentially discontinuing ARIKAYCE.

 

Nephrotoxicity was observed
during the clinical trials of ARIKAYCE in patients with MAC lung disease but not at a higher frequency than background regimen alone. Nephrotoxicity has been associated with the aminoglycosides. Close monitoring of patients with known or
suspected renal dysfunction may be needed when prescribing ARIKAYCE.

 

Neuromuscular Blockade: Patients
with neuromuscular disorders were not enrolled in ARIKAYCE clinical trials. Patients with known or suspected neuromuscular disorders, such as myasthenia gravis, should be closely monitored since aminoglycosides may aggravate muscle weakness by
blocking the release of acetylcholine at neuromuscular junctions.

 

Embryo-Fetal Toxicity: Aminoglycosides can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Aminoglycosides, including ARIKAYCE, may be associated with total, irreversible, bilateral congenital deafness in
pediatric patients exposed in utero. Patients who use ARIKAYCE during pregnancy, or become pregnant while taking ARIKAYCE should be apprised of the potential hazard to the fetus.

 

Contraindications: ARIKAYCE is
contraindicated in patients with known hypersensitivity to any aminoglycoside.

 

Most Common Adverse Reactions:
The most common adverse reactions in Trial 1 at an incidence ≥5% for patients using ARIKAYCE plus background regimen compared to patients treated with background regimen alone were dysphonia (47% vs 1%), cough (39% vs 17%), bronchospasm (29% vs
11%), hemoptysis (18% vs 13%), ototoxicity (17% vs 10%), upper airway irritation (17% vs 2%), musculoskeletal pain (17% vs 8%), fatigue and asthenia (16% vs 10%), exacerbation of underlying pulmonary disease (15% vs 10%), diarrhea (13% vs 5%),
nausea (12% vs 4%), pneumonia (10% vs 8%), headache (10% vs 5%), pyrexia (7% vs 5%), vomiting (7% vs 4%), rash (6% vs 2%), decreased weight (6% vs 1%), change in sputum (5% vs 1%), and chest discomfort (5% vs 3%).

 

Drug Interactions: Avoid
concomitant use of ARIKAYCE with medications associated with neurotoxicity, nephrotoxicity, and ototoxicity. Some diuretics can enhance aminoglycoside toxicity by altering aminoglycoside concentrations in serum and tissue. Avoid concomitant use
of ARIKAYCE with ethacrynic acid, furosemide, urea, or intravenous mannitol.

Overdosage: Adverse reactions
specifically associated with overdose of ARIKAYCE have not been identified. Acute toxicity should be treated with immediate withdrawal of ARIKAYCE, and baseline tests of renal function should
be undertaken. Hemodialysis may be helpful in removing amikacin from the body. In all cases of suspected overdosage, physicians should contact the Regional Poison Control Center for information about effective treatment.

 

5

U.S. INDICATION

 

LIMITED POPULATION: ARIKAYCE® is indicated in adults, who have limited or no alternative treatment options, for the treatment of Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) lung disease as part of a combination antibacterial drug regimen in patients who do not achieve negative sputum cultures after a minimum of 6 consecutive months of a multidrug
background regimen therapy. As only limited clinical safety and effectiveness data for ARIKAYCE are currently available, reserve ARIKAYCE for use in adults who have limited or no alternative treatment options. This drug is indicated for use in a limited and specific population of patients.

 

This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on achieving sputum culture conversion (defined as 3 consecutive negative monthly sputum
cultures) by Month 6. Clinical benefit has not yet been established. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.

 

Limitation of Use: ARIKAYCE
has only been studied in patients with refractory MAC lung disease defined as patients who did not achieve negative sputum cultures after a minimum of 6 consecutive months of a multidrug background regimen therapy. The use of ARIKAYCE is not
recommended for patients with non-refractory MAC lung disease.

 

Patients are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch,
or call 1‑800‑FDA‑1088. You can also call the Company at 1-844-4-INSMED.

Please see Full Prescribing Information.

About Insmed

Insmed Incorporated is a global biopharmaceutical company on a mission to transform the lives of patients with serious and rare diseases. Insmed's first commercial
product is a first-in-disease therapy approved in the United States, Europe, and Japan to treat a chronic, debilitating lung disease. The Company is also progressing a robust pipeline of investigational therapies targeting areas of serious unmet
need, including neutrophil-mediated inflammatory diseases and rare pulmonary disorders. Insmed is headquartered in Bridgewater, New Jersey, with a footprint across Europe and in Japan. For more information, visit www.insmed.com.

Forward-looking Statements

 

This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. “Forward-looking statements,” as that term is
defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, are statements that are not historical facts and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Words herein such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expects,” “plans,”
“anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “projects,” “predicts,” “intends,” “potential,” “continues,” and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) may identify forward-looking
statements.

 

6

The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon the Company’s current expectations and beliefs, and involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the Company’s actual results, performance and achievements and the timing of certain events to differ materially from the results, performance, achievements or timings discussed, projected,
anticipated or indicated in any forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, among others, the following: failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining, regulatory approvals for ARIKAYCE outside the U.S., Europe or
Japan, or for the Company’s product candidates in the U.S., Europe, Japan or other markets, including separate regulatory approval for the Lamira® Nebulizer System and other product candidate devices in each market and for each usage;
failure to successfully commercialize ARIKAYCE, the Company's only approved product, in the U.S., Europe or Japan (amikacin liposome inhalation suspension, Liposomal 590 mg Nebuliser Dispersion, and amikacin sulfate inhalation drug product,
respectively), or to maintain U.S., European or Japanese approval for ARIKAYCE; business or economic disruptions due to catastrophes or other events, including natural disasters or public health crises; impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and efforts
to reduce its spread on the Company’s business, employees, including key personnel, patients, partners and suppliers; risk that brensocatib does not prove effective or safe for patients in
ongoing and future clinical studies, including the ASPEN study; risk that TPIP does not prove to be effective or safe for patients in ongoing and future clinical studies; uncertainties in the degree of market acceptance of ARIKAYCE by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the healthcare community; the Company’s inability to obtain full approval
of ARIKAYCE from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, including the risk that the Company will not successfully or in a timely manner complete the study to validate a patient reported outcome tool and the confirmatory post-marketing clinical
trial required for full approval of ARIKAYCE; inability of the Company, PARI or the Company’s other third-party manufacturers to comply with regulatory requirements related to ARIKAYCE or the Lamira® Nebulizer System; the Company’s
inability to obtain adequate reimbursement from government or third-party payors for ARIKAYCE or acceptable prices for ARIKAYCE; development of unexpected safety or efficacy concerns related to ARIKAYCE or the Company’s product candidates;
inaccuracies in the Company’s estimates of the size of the potential markets for ARIKAYCE, brensocatib, TPIP or the Company’s other product candidates or in data the Company has used to identify physicians, expected rates of patient uptake,
duration of expected treatment, or expected patient adherence or discontinuation rates; the risks and uncertainties associated with, and the perceived benefits of, our secured senior loan with certain funds managed by Pharmakon Advisors, LP and our
royalty financing with OrbiMed Royalty & Credit Opportunities IV, LP, including our ability to maintain compliance with the covenants in the agreements for the senior secured loan and royalty financing and the perceived impact of the
restrictions on our operations under these agreements; the Company’s inability to create an effective direct sales and marketing infrastructure or to partner with third parties that offer such an infrastructure for distribution of ARIKAYCE or any
of the Company’s product candidates that are approved in the future; failure to obtain regulatory approval to expand ARIKAYCE’s indication to a broader patient population; risk that the Company’s competitors may obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product that is essentially the same as a product the Company is developing for a particular indication; failure to successfully predict the time and cost of development, regulatory approval and commercialization for novel gene therapy products; failure

to successfully conduct future clinical trials for ARIKAYCE, brensocatib, TPIP and the Company’s other product candidates due to the Company’s limited experience in conducting preclinical development activities and clinical trials necessary for
regulatory approval and its potential inability to enroll or retain sufficient patients to conduct and complete the trials or generate data necessary for regulatory approval, among other things; risks

that the Company’s clinical studies will be delayed or that serious side effects will be identified during drug development; failure of third parties on which the Company is dependent to manufacture sufficient quantities of ARIKAYCE or the
Company’s product candidates for commercial or clinical needs, to conduct the Company’s clinical trials, or to comply with the Company’s agreements or laws and regulations that impact the Company’s business or agreements with the Company; the Company’s inability to attract and retain key personnel or to effectively manage the Company’s growth; the Company’s inability to successfully integrate its recent acquisitions and
appropriately manage the amount of management’s time and attention devoted to integration activities; risks that the Company’s acquired technologies, products and product candidates are not commercially successful; the Company’s inability to adapt
to its highly competitive and changing environment; risk that the Company is unable to maintain its significant customers; risk that government healthcare reform materially increases the
Company’s costs and damages its financial condition; the Company’s inability to adequately protect its intellectual property rights or prevent disclosure of its trade secrets and other proprietary information and costs associated with litigation or
other proceedings related to such matters; restrictions or other obligations imposed on the Company by agreements related to ARIKAYCE or the Company’s product candidates, including its license agreements with PARI and AstraZeneca AB, and failure of
the Company to comply with its obligations under such agreements; the cost and potential reputational damage resulting from litigation to which the Company is or may become a party, including product liability claims; risk that the Company’s
operations are subject to a material disruption in the event of a cybersecurity attack or issue; business disruptions or expenses related to the upgrade to the Company’s enterprise resource planning system; the Company’s limited experience
operating internationally; changes in laws and regulations applicable to the Company’s business, including any pricing reform, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations; the Company’s history of operating losses, and the possibility that
the Company may never achieve or maintain profitability; goodwill impairment charges affecting the Company’s results of operations and financial condition; inability to repay the Company’s existing indebtedness and uncertainties with respect to the
Company’s ability to access future capital; and delays in the execution of plans to build out an additional third-party manufacturing facility approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities and unexpected expenses associated with those plans.

 

7

The Company may not actually achieve the results, plans, intentions or expectations indicated by the Company’s forward-looking statements because, by
their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. For additional information about the risks and uncertainties that may affect
the Company’s business, please see the factors discussed in Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and any subsequent Company filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC).

 

The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release.
The Company disclaims any obligation, except as specifically required by law and the rules of the SEC, to publicly update or revise any such statements to reflect any change in expectations or in events, conditions or circumstances on which any
such statements may be based, or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.

 

Contact:

Investors:

Eleanor Barisser

Associate Director, Investor Relations

Insmed

(718) 594-5332

eleanor.barisser@insmed.com

Media:

Mandy Fahey

Executive Director, Corporate Communications

Insmed

(732) 718-3621

amanda.fahey@insmed.com

8