EX-99.1
2
tm2520947d1_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1

 

Exhibit 99.1

 

 

Iovance Biotherapeutics Appoints Corleen Roche
as Chief Financial Officer

 

SAN CARLOS,
Calif., July 15, 2025 -- Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: IOVA), a commercial biotechnology company focused on innovating,
developing, and delivering novel polyclonal tumor infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL) therapies for patients with cancer, today announced the
appointment of Corleen Roche as Chief Financial Officer (CFO), effective August 6th, 2025.

 

“I am pleased to welcome
Corleen to Iovance at such an important stage in our first commercial launch,” said Frederick G. Vogt, Ph.D., J.D., Interim Chief
Executive Officer, President and General Counsel. “Corleen’s experience in executive financial leadership roles and multiple
product launches will be invaluable as we focus on growing revenue, managing our balance sheet and advancing our mission of developing
and delivering novel therapies to patients with solid tumors.”

 

Ms. Roche has built an extensive track record throughout 30 years of
experience in the biotech and life sciences industry, including executive financial leadership roles in publicly traded companies. Most
recently she served as CFO of CG Oncology, a late-stage clinical biopharmaceutical company. Her previous roles included CFO of Immunome,
U.S. CFO at Biogen, North America CFO of CSL Behring, and various CFO roles within Sandoz, Wyeth and Pfizer. During her career, Ms. Roche
developed and executed on financial strategies to prepare for commercial launches including ZARXIO®, the first U.S. approved biosimilar,
GLATOPA™, the world’s first complex generic for multiple sclerosis, and PREVNAR 13®, a pneumococcal conjugate vaccine.
She holds a B.A. in accountancy from Villanova University.

 

“I am excited to join Iovance to navigate our continued revenue
growth and focus our pipeline investments on the highest value opportunities,” stated Ms. Roche. “I am committed to the company’s
patient-focused mission while achieving our financial goals to build a profitable biotechnology company.”

 

About Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. 

 

Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. aims to be the global leader
in innovating, developing, and delivering tumor infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL) therapies for patients with cancer. We are pioneering a
transformational approach to cure cancer by harnessing the human immune system’s ability to recognize and destroy diverse cancer
cells in each patient. The Iovance TIL platform has demonstrated promising clinical data across multiple solid tumors. Iovance’s
Amtagvi® is the first FDA-approved T cell therapy for a solid tumor indication. We are committed to continuous innovation
in cell therapy, including gene-edited cell therapy, that may extend and improve life for patients with cancer. For more information,
please visit www.iovance.com.

 

Amtagvi ® and its accompanying design marks, Proleukin®,
Iovance®, and IovanceCares™ are trademarks and registered trademarks of Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. or
its subsidiaries. All other trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

 

 

 

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

Certain matters discussed in this press
release are “forward-looking statements” of Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the
“Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the “PSLRA”). Without limiting the foregoing, we may, in some cases, use terms such as
“predicts,” “believes,” “potential,” “continue,” “estimates,”
“anticipates,” “expects,” “plans,” “intends,” “forecast,”
“guidance,” “outlook,” “may,” “can,” “could,” “might,”
“will,” “should,” or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes and are intended to
identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and assessments made in light of
management’s experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments, and other
factors believed to be appropriate. Forward-looking statements in this press release are made as of the date of this press release,
and we undertake no duty to update or revise any such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other
factors, many of which are outside of our control, that may cause actual results, levels of activity, performance, achievements, and
developments to be materially different from those expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements. Important factors
that could cause actual results, developments, and business decisions to differ materially from forward-looking statements are
described in the sections titled "Risk Factors" in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including
our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and include, but are not limited to, the following
substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties inherent in our business: the risks related to our ability to successfully
commercialize our products, including Amtagvi, for which we have obtained U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”)
approval, and Proleukin, for which we have obtained FDA and European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) approval; the risk that
the EMA or other ex-U.S. regulatory authorities may not approve or may delay approval for our marketing authorization application
submission for lifileucel in metastatic melanoma; the acceptance by the market of our products, including Amtagvi and Proleukin, and
their potential pricing and/or reimbursement by payors, if approved (in the case of our product candidates), in the U.S. and other
international markets and whether such acceptance is sufficient to support continued commercialization or development of our
products, including Amtagvi and Proleukin, or product candidates, respectively; future competitive or other market factors may
adversely affect the commercial potential for Amtagvi or Proleukin; the risk regarding our ability or inability to manufacture our
therapies using third party manufacturers or at our own facility, including our ability to increase manufacturing capacity at such
third party manufacturers and our own facility, may adversely affect our commercial launch; the results of clinical trials with
collaborators using different manufacturing processes may not be reflected in our sponsored trials; the risk regarding the
successful integration of the recent Proleukin acquisition; the risk that the successful development or commercialization of our
products, including Amtagvi and Proleukin, may not generate sufficient revenue from product sales, and we may not become profitable
in the near term, or at all; the risks related to the timing of and our ability to successfully develop, submit, obtain, or maintain
FDA, EMA, or other regulatory authority approval of, or other action with respect to, our product candidates; whether clinical trial
results from our pivotal studies and cohorts, and meetings with the FDA, EMA, or other regulatory authorities may support
registrational studies and subsequent approvals by the FDA, EMA, or other regulatory authorities, including the risk that the
planned single arm Phase 2 IOV-LUN-202 trial may not support registration; preliminary and interim clinical results, which may
include efficacy and safety results, from ongoing clinical trials or cohorts may not be reflected in the final analyses of our
ongoing clinical trials or subgroups within these trials or in other prior trials or cohorts; the risk that enrollment may need to
be adjusted for our trials and cohorts within those trials based on FDA and other regulatory agency input; the risk that the
changing landscape of care for cervical cancer patients may impact our clinical trials in this indication; the risk that we may be
required to conduct additional clinical trials or modify ongoing or future clinical trials based on feedback from the FDA, EMA, or
other regulatory authorities; the risk that our interpretation of the results of our clinical trials or communications with the FDA,
EMA, or other regulatory authorities may differ from the interpretation of such results or communications by such regulatory
authorities (including from our prior meetings with the FDA regarding our non-small cell lung cancer clinical trials); the risk that
clinical data from ongoing clinical trials of Amtagvi will not continue or be repeated in ongoing or planned clinical trials or may
not support regulatory approval or renewal of authorization; the risk that unanticipated expenses may decrease our estimated cash
balances and forecasts and increase our estimated capital requirements; the risk that we may not be able to recognize revenue for
our products; the risk that Proleukin revenues may not continue to serve as a leading indicator for Amtagvi revenues; the risks
regarding our anticipated operating and financial performance, including our financial guidance and projections; the effects of
global pandemic; the effects of global and domestic geopolitical factors; and other factors, including general economic conditions
and regulatory developments, not within our control. Any financial guidance provided in this press release assumes the following: no
material change in our ability to manufacture our products; no material change in payor coverage; no material change in revenue
recognition policies; no new business development transactions not completed as of the period covered by this press release; and no
material fluctuation in exchange rates.

 

CONTACTS 

 

Investors

IR@iovance.com

650-260-7120 ext. 150

 

Media

PR@iovance.com 

650-260-7120 ext. 150