EX-99.2
3
tm2230330d1_ex99-2.htm
EXHIBIT 99.2

Exhibit 99.2

 

Iovance Biotherapeutics Announces Updated Clinical
Data for Lifileucel in Advanced Melanoma at Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC) Annual Meeting

 

31% Objective Response Rate (ORR) and Median
Duration of Response (mDOR) Not Reached at 36.5 Months Median Study Follow Up in C-144-01 Trial (Cohorts 2 and 4)

 

42% of Responses Lasted for 24+ Months

 

SITC Update and KOL Panel Webcast Thursday,
November 10 at 4:30 pm ET

 

SAN CARLOS,
Calif., November 10, 2022 -- Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: IOVA), a late-stage biotechnology company developing
novel T cell-based cancer immunotherapies (tumor infiltrating lymphocyte, TIL, and peripheral-blood lymphocyte, PBL), today announced
updated clinical data for lifileucel in advanced melanoma during a rapid
oral presentation at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC) Annual Meeting.

 

Amod Sarnaik, M.D., Professor of Cutaneous Oncology and Immunology
at H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center, presenting author and lead C-144-01 trial investigator, stated, “We are excited to present the
comprehensive clinical data on behalf of the C-144-01 investigators. The trial demonstrated a robust and clinically meaningful response
rate and long-term durability following one-time treatment. Patients in this study were difficult to treat and lacked approved therapies
after current standard of care. We hope to offer lifileucel to many more patients after initial progression on immune checkpoint inhibitors.”

 

The oral presentation for the C-144-01 trial included efficacy
data from 153 patients with advanced melanoma enrolled in Cohort 2 (n=66) and Cohort 4 (n=87) with a median study follow up of 36.5 months
(data cut off July 15, 2022). All patients had progressed on or after immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI) therapy and targeted BRAF/MEK
inhibitor therapy where appropriate. There are no treatments approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the C-144-01
study population. The current available care is chemotherapy (4-10% ORR; median overall survival [mOS] of 7-8 months).1-4

 

SITC C-144-01 Data Highlights for Pooled Analysis (36.5 Months
Median Study Follow Up)

·

Heavily Pretreated Patient Population with Substantial Disease Burden:
Patients had received a median of 3 lines of prior therapy (range 1-9), including anti-PD-1 therapy in 100% of patients (median: 2
lines, range 1-7) and anti-CTLA-4 therapy in 81.7% of patients, with prior combination anti-PD-1 and anti-CTLA-4 therapy received in 53.6%
of patients. Baseline disease characteristics were generally similar between Cohorts 2 and 4. However, Cohort 4 patients showed both a
higher disease burden (> 3 lesions: 83.9% vs. 65.2%) and a higher proportion of patients with elevated lactate dehydrogenase (LDH;
64.4% vs 40.9%), a well-known negative prognostic factor in melanoma.5

 

 

 

 

·

Clinically Meaningful Response Rate and Durability

o

Clinically Meaningful ORR and Deepening of Responses Over Time: The ORR assessed by an independent review committee (IRC) using
RECIST v1.1 was 31.4% (95% CI: 24.1%-39.4%), with 9 complete responses (CRs) and 39 partial responses (PRs). The median time from lifileucel
infusion to best response was 1.5 months, and responses deepened over time. Initial PRs converted to CRs in 7 patients, as late as 2+
years post-lifileucel, including 1 conversion to CR in approximately 10 months since the initial data analysis in the abstract.

 

o

mDOR (Not Reached) and Durability at 2+ Years: The mDOR was not reached (estimated by Kaplan-Meier, or KM, method). Responses
lasted for 24 months or greater in 41.7% of responders (47.8% of responders in Cohort 2; 36.0% of responders in Cohort 4).

 

o

Long-Term Benefit from One-Time Lifileucel Therapy: The DOR and overall survival (OS) KM plots (see slides) show plateaus characteristic
of immunotherapy, supporting the potential for long-term benefit from lifileucel therapy. Median (mOS) had not been reached (95% CI: 30.4-NR)
in patients who achieved a response at first assessment (6 weeks). mOS in all patients was 13.9 months (95% CI: 10.6-17.8).

 

·

Responses Across All Subgroups: Responders to lifileucel included
patients with ICI primary-resistant disease, those who received prior anti–CTLA-4 therapy and/or targeted therapies, and responses
were observed regardless of PD-L1 status. LDH and target lesion sum of diameters (SOD; tumor mass across locations) were correlated with
ORR (P=0.008). Higher odds of response with lower tumor burden suggest that early intervention with lifileucel after ICI may maximize
benefit.

 

·

Safety: Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were consistent
with the underlying disease and known AE profiles of nonmyeloablative lymphodepletion and interleukin-2 (IL-2). Incidence of TEAEs decreased
rapidly within the first 2 weeks after lifileucel infusion.

 

·

94.7% Manufacturing Success Rate: All patients in both cohorts received
the same lifileucel treatment using Iovance’s proprietary 22-day manufacturing process (Gen 2). Lifileucel was manufactured within
specification in 94.7% of patients across Cohorts 2 and 4.

 

Friedrich Graf Finckenstein, M.D., Chief Medical Officer of Iovance,
stated, “Our C-144-01 trial is the largest clinical trial of a cell therapy in advanced melanoma following anti–PD-1 therapy
and the basis for our rolling BLA submission for lifileucel. We observed responses across the spectrum of patients with advanced melanoma,
including early responses and deepening responses over time, following anti-PD-1 and anti-CTLA-4 therapy, and regardless of mutation and
PD-L1 status. Given the correlation of lower tumor burden and response, we believe there is a strong rationale for treatment with lifileucel
as soon as possible after initial progression on anti–PD-1 therapy. The potential for long-term benefit from one-time treatment
with lifileucel is promising, as the overall survival data show the desired plateau of maintained benefit with immunotherapy, and include
patients who are alive five years after treatment.”

 

The C-144-01 results are available in the oral presentation slide
deck on the Iovance corporate website. Data from the pivotal Cohort 4, supportive data from Cohort 2 and the pooled analysis of Cohorts
2 and 4 are part of a rolling Biologics License Application (BLA) submission to the FDA for lifileucel in advanced melanoma, which
Iovance initiated in August 2022.

 

Investor Webcast on Thursday, November 10, 4:30 p.m. ET

Iovance will host a webcast on Thursday, November 10 at 4:30 p.m. ET to discuss clinical data updates for lifileucel in advanced
melanoma. Iovance senior leadership will be joined by the following key opinion leaders and principal investigators in Iovance clinical
studies: Amod Sarnaik; Allison Betof Warner, M.D., Ph.D., Assistant Attending Physician and Melanoma Medical Oncologist, Memorial Sloan
Kettering Cancer Center; Miguel Perales, M.D., Chief, Adult Bone Marrow Transplant Service, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center; and
Martin McCarter, M.D., Surgical Director for the Esophageal and Gastric Multidisciplinary Clinic, Vice Chair for Strategy and Program
Development Department of Surgery, UCHealth Cancer Care - Anschutz Medical Campus - University of Colorado Cancer Center. The live and
archived webcast can be accessed in the Investors section of the company’s website here: https://ir.iovance.com/events/event-details/sitc-investor-webcast

 

 

 

 

About Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc.

Iovance Biotherapeutics aims to be the global leader in innovating,
developing and delivering tumor infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL) therapies for patients with cancer. We are pioneering a transformational
approach to cure cancer by harnessing the human immune system’s ability to recognize and destroy diverse cancer cells in each patient.
Our lead late-stage TIL product candidate, lifileucel for metastatic melanoma, has the potential to become the first approved one-time
cell therapy for a solid tumor cancer. The Iovance TIL platform has demonstrated promising clinical data across multiple solid
tumors. We are committed to continuous innovation in cell therapy, including gene-edited cell therapy, that may extend and improve life
for patients with cancer. For more information, please visit www.iovance.com.

 

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain matters discussed in
this press release are “forward-looking statements” of Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the “Company,”
“we,” “us,” or “our”) within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the
“PSLRA”). All such written or oral statements made in this press release, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking
statements and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the PSLRA. Without limiting the
foregoing, we may, in some cases, use terms such as “predicts,” “believes,” “potential,” “continue,”
“estimates,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “plans,” “intends,” “forecast,”
“guidance,” “outlook,” “may,” “could,” “might,” “will,” “should”
or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes and are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements are based on assumptions and assessments made in light of management’s experience and perception of historical trends,
current conditions, expected future developments and other factors believed to be appropriate. Forward-looking statements in this press
release are made as of the date of this press release, and we undertake no duty to update or revise any such statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject
to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside of our control, that may cause actual results, levels of activity,
performance, achievements and developments to be materially different from those expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements.
Important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from forward-looking statements
are described in the sections titled "Risk Factors" in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our
most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and include, but are not limited to, the following substantial
known and unknown risks and uncertainties inherent in our business: the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; risks related to the timing
of and our ability to successfully develop, submit, obtain and maintain U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) or other
regulatory authority approval of, or other action with respect to, our product candidates, and our ability to successfully commercialize
any product candidates for which we obtain FDA approval; whether clinical trial results from our pivotal studies and cohorts may
support registration and approval by the FDA; preliminary and interim clinical results, which may
include efficacy and safety results, from ongoing clinical trials or cohorts may not be reflected in the final analyses of our ongoing
clinical trials or subgroups within these trials or in other prior trials or cohorts; the risk that enrollment may need to be adjusted
for our trials and cohorts within those trials based on FDA and other regulatory agency input; the changing landscape of care for cervical
cancer patients may impact our clinical trials in this indication; the risk that we may be required to conduct additional clinical trials
or modify ongoing or future clinical trials based on feedback from the FDA or other regulatory authorities; the risk that our interpretation
of the results of our clinical trials or communications with the FDA may differ from the interpretation of such results or communications
by the FDA (including from the recent pre-BLA meeting with the FDA); the risk that the rolling BLA submission for lifileucel in metastatic
melanoma may take longer than expected; the acceptance by the market of our product candidates and
their potential reimbursement by payors, if approved; our ability or inability to manufacture our therapies using third party manufacturers
or our own facility may adversely affect our potential commercial launch; the results of clinical trials with collaborators using different
manufacturing processes may not be reflected in our sponsored trials; the risk that unanticipated expenses may decrease our estimated
cash balances and forecasts and increase our estimated capital requirements; and other factors, including general economic conditions
and regulatory developments, not within our control.

 

1Keytruda USPI accessed Mar 2022

2Weber et al., Lancet Oncol 2015

3Kirchburger et al., Eur J Cancer 2016

4Goldinger et al., J Clin Oncol 2018

5Claps et al., Nat Rev Clin Oncol 2022

 

 

 

 

CONTACTS

 

Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc.:

Sara Pellegrino, IRC

SVP, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

650-260-7120 ext. 264

Sara.Pellegrino@iovance.com

 

Jen Saunders

Director, Investor Relations & Public Relations

267-485-3119

Jen.Saunders@iovance.com