EX-99.2
5
tm2320915d5_ex99-2.htm
EXHIBIT 99.2

Exhibit 99.2

 

 

 

Iovance
Biotherapeutics, Inc. Announces Pricing of Its Public Offering of $150 Million of Common Stock

 

SAN CARLOS,
CA, July 10, 2023 -- Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: IOVA) (“Iovance” or “Company”), a
biotechnology company focused on innovating, developing, and delivering novel polyclonal tumor infiltrating lymphocyte (“TIL”)
therapies for patients with cancer, today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of 20,000,000 shares of its common
stock at a public offering price of $7.50 per share. The gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting the underwriting discounts
and commissions and other estimated offering expenses payable by Iovance, are expected to be approximately $150 million. In addition,
Iovance has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional shares of common stock at the public offering
price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The offering is expected to close on or about July 13, 2023, subject to
customary closing conditions.

 

Iovance intends
to use the proceeds from this offering to fund preparations for the commercial launch of lifileucel
(if approved), including continuing to prepare the Iovance Cell Therapy Center, the Company’s manufacturing facility in Philadelphia,
to support ongoing clinical programs including its NSCLC registration-directed study and its frontline advanced melanoma Phase 3 confirmatory
trial, to expand the combination of TIL and immune checkpoint inhibitors (“ICIs”) in ICI naïve patient cohorts, to support
the continued development of our pipeline candidates, to support Proleukin integration activities and for other general corporate purposes.

 

Goldman Sachs
& Co. LLC and Jefferies LLC are acting as joint lead book-running managers for the offering.

 

The shares
of common stock described above are being offered by Iovance pursuant to its shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that became automatically
effective upon filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 16, 2023. The offering may be made only by means
of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus, copies of which may be obtained by contacting Goldman
Sachs & Co. LLC by mail at 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, Attention: Prospectus Department, by telephone at (866) 471-2526,
or by email at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com or Jefferies LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate
Prospectus Department, 520 Madison Avenue, New York, New York, 10022, by telephone at (877) 547-6340, or by email at Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com.

 

This press
release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these
securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

 

About Iovance
Biotherapeutics, Inc.

 

Iovance Biotherapeutics aims to be the global leader in innovating, developing
and delivering tumor infiltrating lymphocyte (“TIL”) therapies for patients with cancer. We are pioneering a transformational
approach to cure cancer by harnessing the human immune system’s ability to recognize and destroy diverse cancer cells in each patient.
Our lead late-stage TIL product candidate, lifileucel for metastatic melanoma, has the potential to become the first approved one-time
cell therapy for a solid tumor cancer. The Iovance TIL platform has demonstrated promising clinical data across multiple solid tumors.
We are committed to continuous innovation in cell therapy, including gene-edited cell therapy, which may extend and improve life for
patients with cancer.

 

 

 

 

Forward
Looking Statements

 

Certain matters discussed in this press
release are “forward-looking statements” of Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the “Company,”
“we,” “us,” or “our”) within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
(the “PSLRA”). All such written or oral statements made in this press release, other than statements of historical fact,
are forward-looking statements and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the PSLRA.
Without limiting the foregoing, we may, in some cases, use terms such as “predicts,” “believes,” “potential,”
“continue,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “plans,” “intends,”
“forecast,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “may,” “could,” “might,” “will,”
“should” or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes and are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. The forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the Company’s anticipated public offering
and the anticipated use of proceeds therefrom. Actual results may differ from those set forth in this press release due to the risks
and uncertainties inherent in the Company’s business, including, without limitation: the uncertainties related to market conditions
and the completion of the public offering on the anticipated terms or at all, and the uncertainties inherent. Forward-looking statements
are based on assumptions and assessments made in light of management’s experience and perception of historical trends, current
conditions, expected future developments and other factors believed to be appropriate. Forward-looking statements in this press release
are made as of the date of this press release, and we undertake no duty to update or revise any such statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to
risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside of our control, which may cause actual results, levels of activity,
performance, achievements and developments to be materially different from those expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements.
Important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from forward-looking statements
are described in the sections titled “Risk Factors” in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including
our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov.

 

Contacts:

 

Iovance
Biotherapeutics, Inc.:

Sara Pellegrino, IRC

Senior Vice President, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

650-260-7120 ext. 264

Sara.Pellegrino@iovance.com

 

Jen Saunders

Director, Investor Relations & Public Relations

267-485-3119

Jen.Saunders@iovance.com