EX-99.1
2
tm2326192d1_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1

Exhibit 99.1

 

 

U.S. Food and Drug Administration Updates

Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) Action
Date for Lifileucel for the Treatment of Advanced Melanoma

 

Priority Review Continues with Successful Facility
Inspections Completed,

no Major Review Issues

 

FDA Extends PDUFA Date to February 24, 2024
on Resource Constraints and Agrees to Work with Iovance to Expedite Remaining Review

 

SAN CARLOS, Calif., September 14, 2023 -- Iovance
Biotherapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: IOVA), a biotechnology company focused on innovating, developing, and delivering novel polyclonal tumor
infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL) therapies for patients with cancer, today announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), because
of resource constraints, requires additional time to complete the Priority Review of Iovance’s Biologics License Application (BLA)
for lifileucel. The BLA is seeking accelerated approval of lifileucel for patients with advanced melanoma. The FDA extended the new target
action date for a decision under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) to February 24, 2024, but agreed to work with Iovance to expedite
the remaining review for a potentially earlier approval date.

 

The FDA recently notified Iovance that they had insufficient resources
to review a recent response to an information request for the ongoing BLA review prior to the planned late-cycle review meeting scheduled
for September 11, 2023. In a meeting with the FDA held on September 14, 2023, the FDA acknowledged the resource constraints and agreed
to work closely with Iovance to expedite the remaining review.

 

The overall BLA process continues under Priority Review with several
recent positive status updates. The FDA reiterated there are no major review issues, and there are no plans to hold an advisory committee
meeting. In addition, all pre-approval inspections of clinical sites. internal and external manufacturing and testing facilities have
been successfully completed. The FDA is also engaged and has expressed no concerns on the status of the TILVANCE-301 confirmatory trial
in frontline advanced melanoma, which remains on track to be well underway by the PDUFA date.

 

Frederick Vogt, Ph.D., J.D., Interim President and Chief Executive
Officer of Iovance, stated, “While the resource constraints at FDA have extended our PDUFA date, Iovance and FDA remain engaged
to complete the review process as quickly as possible. We appreciate FDA management’s efforts to expedite the remaining review so
that we can bring lifileucel to critically ill patients with no other FDA approved options after current standard of care. We are confident
in the potential for lifileucel to redefine the treatment paradigm for these patients. With the strength of our clinical data, manufacturing
capabilities, and commercial readiness efforts, Iovance is well positioned to rapidly serve the U.S. melanoma community immediately following
an approval.”

 

Lifileucel, if approved, will be the first and only TIL therapy for
patients with advanced melanoma, as well as the first one-time cell therapy for a solid tumor cancer. Lifileucel is an individualized
therapy intended for patients with advanced melanoma who progressed on or after prior anti-PD-1/L1 therapy and targeted therapy, where
applicable. There are no FDA approved therapies in this treatment setting.

 

 

 

The FDA accepted the BLA for lifileucel in May 2023 under Priority
Review and previously granted a Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy (RMAT) designation for lifileucel in advanced melanoma. The extension
of the PDUFA date does not impact the Priority Review status or RMAT designation.

 

The BLA submission for lifileucel is supported by positive data from the C-144-01 clinical trial in patients with advanced melanoma who progressed on or after prior anti-PD-1/L1 therapy and targeted
therapy, where applicable. If lifileucel receives accelerated approval, the randomized Phase 3 TILVANCE-301 trial in frontline advanced
melanoma can serve as the confirmatory study to support full approval. TILVANCE-301 is expected to be well underway at the time of approval.

 

About Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc.

 

Iovance Biotherapeutics aims to be the global leader in innovating,
developing and delivering tumor infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL) therapies for patients with cancer. We are pioneering a transformational
approach to cure cancer by harnessing the human immune system’s ability to recognize and destroy diverse cancer cells in each patient.
Our lead late-stage TIL product candidate, lifileucel for metastatic melanoma, has the potential to become the first approved one-time
cell therapy for a solid tumor cancer. The Iovance TIL platform has demonstrated promising clinical data across multiple solid
tumors. We are committed to continuous innovation in cell therapy, including gene-edited cell therapy, that may extend and improve life
for patients with cancer. For more information, please visit www.iovance.com.

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

Certain matters discussed in
this press release are “forward-looking statements” of Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the “Company,”
“we,” “us,” or “our”) within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the
“PSLRA”). All such written or oral statements made in this press release, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking
statements and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the PSLRA. Without limiting the
foregoing, we may, in some cases, use terms such as “predicts,” “believes,” “potential,” “continue,”
“estimates,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “plans,” “intends,” “forecast,”
“guidance,” “outlook,” “may,” “could,” “might,” “will,” “should”
or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes and are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements are based on assumptions and assessments made in light of management’s experience and perception of historical trends,
current conditions, expected future developments and other factors believed to be appropriate. Forward-looking statements in this press
release are made as of the date of this press release, and we undertake no duty to update or revise any such statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject
to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside of our control, that may cause actual results, levels of activity,
performance, achievements and developments to be materially different from those expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements.
Important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from forward-looking statements
are described in the sections titled "Risk Factors" in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our
most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and include, but are not limited to, the following substantial
known and unknown risks and uncertainties inherent in our business: the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; risks related to the timing
of and our ability to successfully develop, submit, obtain and maintain U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) or other
regulatory authority approval of, or other action with respect to, our product candidates, and our ability to successfully commercialize
any product candidates for which we obtain FDA approval; whether clinical trial results from our pivotal studies and cohorts, and
meetings with the FDA, may support registrational studies and subsequent approvals by the FDA; preliminary
and interim clinical results, which may include efficacy and safety results, from ongoing clinical trials or cohorts may not be reflected
in the final analyses of our ongoing clinical trials or subgroups within these trials or in other prior trials or cohorts; the risk that
enrollment may need to be adjusted for our trials and cohorts within those trials based on FDA and other regulatory agency input; the
changing landscape of care for cervical cancer patients may impact our clinical trials in this indication; the risk that we may be required
to conduct additional clinical trials or modify ongoing or future clinical trials based on feedback from the FDA or other regulatory authorities;
the risk that our interpretation of the results of our clinical trials or communications with the FDA may differ from the interpretation
of such results or communications by the FDA (including from the prior pre-BLA meeting with the FDA); the risk that the FDA may not approve
or may delay approval for our BLA submission for lifileucel in metastatic melanoma; the
acceptance by the market of our product candidates and their potential reimbursement by payors, if approved; our ability or inability
to manufacture our therapies using third party manufacturers or our own facility may adversely affect our potential commercial launch;
the results of clinical trials with collaborators using different manufacturing processes may not be reflected in our sponsored trials;
the risk that unanticipated expenses may decrease our estimated cash balances and forecasts and increase our estimated capital
requirements; and other factors, including general economic conditions and regulatory developments, not within our control.

 

CONTACTS

 

Iovance Biotherapeutics,
Inc:

Sara Pellegrino, IRC

Senior Vice President, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

650-260-7120 ext. 264

Sara.Pellegrino@iovance.com

 

Jen Saunders

Director, Investor Relations & Public Relations

267-485-3119

Jen.Saunders@iovance.com