EX-99.1
2
d801773dex991.htm
EX-99.1

EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1

KURA ONCOLOGY, INC.

2023 INDUCEMENT OPTION PLAN

ADOPTED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
DECEMBER 18, 2023

AMENDED BY THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS: DECEMBER 16, 2024

1. GENERAL.

(a) Eligible Award Recipients. The only persons eligible to receive grants of Awards under this Plan are individuals who satisfy
the standards for inducement grants under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5635(c)(4) or 5635(c)(3), if applicable, and the related guidance under Nasdaq IM 5635-1. A person who previously served as an Employee or
Director will not be eligible to receive Awards under the Plan, other than following a bona fide period of non-employment with the Company. Persons eligible to receive grants of Awards under this Plan
are referred to in this Plan as “Eligible Employees.” These Awards must be approved by either a majority of the Company’s “Independent Directors” (as such term is defined in Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2))
(“Independent Directors”) or by the Company’s compensation committee, provided such committee is comprised solely of Independent Directors of the Company (the “Independent Compensation Committee”)
in order to comply with the exemption from the stockholder approval requirement for “inducement grants” provided under Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5635(c)(4) and 5635(c)(3), if applicable, and
the related guidance under Nasdaq IM 5635-1 (and any analogous rules or guidance effective after the date hereof) are referred to in this Plan as the “Inducement Award Rules.”

(b) Available Awards. The Plan provides for the grant of the Options. All Options shall be Nonstatutory Stock Options.

(c) Purpose. The Company, by means of the Plan, intends to provide (i) an inducement material for certain individuals
to enter into employment with the Company within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, (ii) incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and (iii) a means
by which Eligible Employees may be given an opportunity to benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock through the granting of Awards.

2.
ADMINISTRATION.

(a) Administration by Board. The Board will administer the Plan; provided, however, that
Awards may only be granted by either (i) a majority of the Company’s Independent Directors or (ii) the Independent Compensation Committee. Subject to those constraints and the other constraints of the Inducement Award Rules, the Board
may delegate some of its powers of administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in Section 2(c).

(b) Powers of Board. The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the
limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan and the Inducement Award Rules:

(i) To determine: (A) who
will be granted Awards; (B) when and how each Award will be granted; (C) the provisions of each Award (which need not be identical), including when a person will be permitted to exercise or otherwise receive Common Stock under the Award;
(D) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to; and (E) the Fair Market Value applicable to an Award; provided, however, that Awards may only be granted by either (i) a majority of the Company’s Independent Directors or
(ii) the Independent Compensation Committee.

(ii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Awards granted under it, and to
establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for administration of the Plan and Awards. The Board, in the exercise of these powers, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement, in a manner and to the
extent it will deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Award fully effective.

(iii) To settle all controversies regarding
the Plan and Awards granted under it.

(iv) To accelerate, in whole or in part, the time at which an Award may be exercised or
vest.

(v) To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or an Award Agreement, suspension
or termination of the Plan will not materially impair a Participant’s rights under the Participant’s then-outstanding Award without the Participant’s written consent, except as provided in subsection (viii) below.

(vi) To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable, including, without limitation, by adopting amendments
relating to certain nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and/or to ensure the Plan or Awards granted under the Plan are exempt from, or compliant with, the requirements for nonqualified deferred compensation under
Section 409A of the Code, subject to the limitations, if any, of applicable law. Except as provided in Section (8)(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, is required by applicable law or listing requirements, the Company will seek
stockholder approval for any amendment of the Plan. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or an Award Agreement, no amendment of the Plan will materially impair a Participant’s rights under an outstanding Award without the Participant’s
written consent.

(vii) To submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval, including, but not limited to, amendments to
the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of Rule 16b-3.

(viii) To approve forms of
Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Award Agreement, subject to any
specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion; provided, however, that a Participant’s rights under any Award will not be impaired by any such amendment unless (A) the Company requests the
consent of the

affected Participant, and (B) such Participant consents in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) a Participant’s rights will not be deemed to have been impaired by any such
amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participant’s rights, and (2) subject to the limitations of applicable law, if any, the Board may amend the
terms of any one or more Awards without the affected Participant’s consent (A) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Award into compliance with, Section 409A of the Code; or (B) to comply with other applicable
laws or listing requirements.

(ix) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or
expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Awards.

(x)
To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Eligible Employees who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States (provided that
Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications to the Plan or any Award Agreement that are required for compliance with the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction).

(c) Delegation to Committee.

(i) General. Subject to the terms of Section 4(b), the Board may delegate some or all of the administration
of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated
to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be construed as being to the
Committee or subcommittee, as applicable). Any delegation of administrative powers will be reflected in resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, adopted from time to time by the Board or Committee (as applicable). The Board may
retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated.

(ii) Rule 16b-3 Compliance. The Committee may consist solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors, in accordance with Rule 16b-3.

(iii) Effect of Board’s Decision. All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in
good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons.

3. SHARES
SUBJECT TO THE PLAN.

(a) Share Reserve. Subject to
Section 8(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Awards will not exceed 2,500,000 shares (the “Share Reserve”). Shares may be issued in
connection with a merger or acquisition as permitted by Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5635(c) or, if applicable NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 303A.08, AMEX Company Guide Section 711 or other applicable rule, and such issuance will not
reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan.

(b) Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve.

(i) The expiration or termination of any portion of an Award without the shares covered by such portion of the Award
having been issued does not result in an issuance of shares under the Plan and accordingly does not reduce the number of shares subject to the Share Reserve and available for issuance under the Plan.

(ii) The following actions result in an issuance of shares under the Plan and accordingly reduce the number of shares subject to the
Share Reserve and available for issuance under the Plan: (1) the withholding of shares that would otherwise be issued by the Company to satisfy the exercise price of an Option; and (2) the withholding of shares that would otherwise be
issued by the Company to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with any Award, or any shares repurchased by the Company on the open market with the proceeds of the exercise price of an Option.

(iii) If any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to an Award are forfeited back to the Company because of the failure to meet a
contingency or condition required to vest such shares in the Participant, then the shares that are forfeited (collectively, the “Returning Shares”) will revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan.

(c) Source of Shares. The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock,
including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise.

4. ELIGIBILITY AND
LIMITATIONS.

(a) Eligibility for Specific Awards. Awards may only be granted to persons who are Eligible
Employees described in Section 1(a) of the Plan, where the Award is an inducement material to the individual’s entering into employment with the Company or an Affiliate within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules
or is otherwise permitted pursuant to Rule 5635(c) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules; provided, however, that Awards may not be granted to Eligible Employees who are providing Continuous Service only to any “parent” of the Company, as
such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act, unless (i) the stock underlying such Awards is treated as “service recipient stock” under Section 409A of the Code (for example, because the Awards are granted pursuant to a
corporate transaction such as a spin off transaction), (ii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Awards are otherwise exempt from Section 409A of the Code, or (iii) the Company, in consultation with
its legal counsel, has determined that such Awards comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A of the Code.

(b)
Approval Requirements. All Awards must be granted either by a majority of the Company’s Independent Directors or the Independent Compensation Committee.

5. PROVISIONS RELATING TO OPTIONS.

Each Option will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board deems appropriate. All Options will be Nonstatutory
Stock Options at the time of grant. The provisions of separate Options need not be identical; provided, however, that each Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Award
Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions:

(a) Term. No Option will be exercisable after
the expiration of ten years from the date of its grant or such shorter period specified in the Award Agreement.

(b) Exercise
Price. The exercise or strike price of each Option will be not less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option on the date the Award is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option may be granted with an
exercise or strike price lower than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Award if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Corporate
Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code.

(c) Purchase Price for
Options. The purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, by any combination of the methods of payment
set forth below. The Board will have the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to
use a particular method of payment. The permitted methods of payment are as follows:

(i) by cash, check, bank draft
or money order payable to the Company;

(ii) pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal
Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of the stock subject to the Option, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the
sales proceeds;

(iii) by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock;

(iv) by a “net exercise” arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price; provided, however, that the Company will accept a cash or other payment from the Participant to the extent of any
remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by such reduction in the number of whole shares to be issued. Shares of Common Stock will no longer be subject to an Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that
(A) shares issuable upon exercise are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the “net exercise,” (B) shares are delivered to the Participant as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding
obligations; or

(v) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board and
specified in the applicable Award Agreement.

(d) Transferability of Options. The Board may, in its sole discretion, impose
such limitations on the transferability of Options as the Board will determine. In the absence of such a determination by the Board to the contrary, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options will apply:

(i) Restrictions on Transfer. An Option will not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution (or pursuant to subsections (ii) and (iii) below), and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. The Board may permit transfer of the Option in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable
tax and securities laws. Except as explicitly provided in the Plan, an Option may not be transferred for consideration.

(ii)
Domestic Relations Orders. Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option may be transferred pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation
instrument.

(iii) Beneficiary Designation. Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, a Participant
may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company (or the designated broker), designate a third party who, on the death of the Participant, will thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option and receive the Common
Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, upon the death of the Participant, the executor or administrator of the Participant’s estate will be entitled to exercise the Option and receive
the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. However, the Company may prohibit designation of a beneficiary at any time, including due to any conclusion by the Company that such designation would be inconsistent with the
provisions of applicable laws.

(e) Vesting Generally. The total number of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option may
vest and become exercisable in periodic installments that may or may not be equal. The Option may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised (which may be based on the satisfaction of
Performance Goals or other criteria) as the Board may deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options may vary. The provisions of this Section 5(e) are subject to any Option provisions governing the minimum number of shares of
Common Stock as to which an Option may be exercised.

(f) Termination of Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the
applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant’s Continuous Service terminates (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant’s death or Disability), the Participant may
exercise his or her Option (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Award as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) within the period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date three months following the
termination of the Participant’s Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the applicable Award Agreement), and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after
termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the applicable time frame, the Option will terminate.

(g) Extension of Termination Date. If the exercise of an Option following the termination of the Participant’s Continuous
Service (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant’s death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act,
then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a total period of time (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant’s Continuous
Service during which the exercise of the Option would not be in violation of such registration requirements, and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. In addition, unless otherwise
provided in a Participant’s Award Agreement, if the sale of any Common Stock received on exercise of an Option following the termination of the Participant’s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) would violate the Company’s
insider trading policy, then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period of months (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the
Participant’s Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of the Option would not be in violation of the Company’s insider trading policy, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set
forth in the applicable Award Agreement.

(h) Disability of Participant. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable
Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant’s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant’s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that
the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date 12 months following such termination of Continuous Service (or
such longer or shorter period specified in the Award Agreement), and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her
Option within the applicable time frame, the Option will terminate.

(i) Death of Participant. Except as
otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if (i) a Participant’s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant’s death, or (ii) the Participant
dies within the period (if any) specified in the Award Agreement for exercisability after the termination of the Participant’s Continuous Service for a reason other than death, then the Option may be exercised (to the extent the Participant was
entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of death) by the Participant’s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option upon the
Participant’s death, but only within the

period ending on the earlier of (i) the date 18 months following the date of death (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Award Agreement), and (ii) the expiration of the
term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after the Participant’s death, the Option is not exercised within the applicable time frame, the Option will terminate.

(j) Termination for Cause. Except as explicitly provided otherwise in a Participant’s Award Agreement or other individual
written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, if a Participant’s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Option will terminate immediately upon such Participant’s termination of Continuous Service, and
the Participant will be prohibited from exercising his or her Option from and after the time of such termination of Continuous Service.

(k) Non-Exempt Employees. If an Option is granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, the Option will not be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six months following the date of grant of
the Option (although the Award may vest prior to such date). Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i) if such non-exempt Employee dies or suffers a Disability,
(ii) upon a Corporate Transaction in which such Option is not assumed, continued, or substituted, (iii) upon a Change in Control, or (iv) upon the Participant’s retirement (as such term may be defined in the Participant’s
Award Agreement in another agreement between the Participant and the Company, or, if no such definition, in accordance with the Company’s then current employment policies and guidelines), the vested portion of any Options may be exercised
earlier than six months following the date of grant. The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option
will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay. To the extent permitted and/or required for compliance with the Worker Economic Opportunity Act to ensure that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in
connection with the exercise or vesting of any shares under any other Award will be exempt from the employee’s regular rate of pay, the provisions of this Section 5(k) will apply to all Awards and are hereby incorporated by reference into
such Award Agreements.

6. COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

(a) Availability of Shares. The Company will keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock reasonably
required to satisfy then-outstanding Awards.

(b) Securities Law Compliance. The Company will seek to obtain from each
regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Awards; provided, however, that this undertaking will not
require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such
regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock
upon exercise of such Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant will not be eligible for the grant of an Award or the subsequent issuance of Common Stock pursuant to the Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation
of any applicable securities law.

(c) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes. The Company will have no duty
or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Award. Furthermore, the Company will have no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of an
Award or a possible period in which the Award may not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of an Award to the holder of such Award.

7. MISCELLANEOUS.

(a) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock. Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Awards will
constitute general funds of the Company.

(b) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Awards. Corporate action
constituting a grant by the Company of an Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the
Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action constituting the grant contain terms (e.g.,
exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the papering of the Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate
records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award Agreement or related grant documents.

(c) Cancellation and Re-Grant of Awards. Neither the Board nor any Committee will
have the authority to (i) reduce the exercise or strike price of any outstanding Option or (ii) cancel any outstanding Option that has an exercise price (per share) greater than the then-current Fair Market Value of
the Common Stock in exchange for cash or other Awards under the Plan, unless the stockholders of the Company have approved such an action within 12 months prior to such an event.

(d) Stockholder Rights. No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect
to, any shares of Common Stock subject to an Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of, or the issuance of shares of Common Stock under, the Award pursuant to its terms, and (ii) the
issuance of the Common Stock subject to such Award has been entered into the books and records of the Company.

(e) No
Employment or Other Service Rights. Nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the
Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was

granted or will affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a
Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant’s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law
of the state in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be.

(f) Change in Time Commitment. In
the event a Participant’s regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the
Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any Award to the Participant, the Board has the right in its sole discretion to (x) make a
corresponding reduction in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (y) in lieu of or in combination with such a
reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Award that is so reduced or extended.

(g) Investment Assurances. The Company may require a Participant, as a condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under
any Award, (i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant’s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who
is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that such Participant is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Award; and (ii) to give written
assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Award for the Participant’s own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Common Stock. The
foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, will be inoperative if (A) the issuance of the shares upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Award has been registered under a then currently
effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (B) as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable
securities laws. The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but not
limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common Stock.

(h) Withholding Obligations. Unless prohibited by the
terms of an Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to an Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) causing the
Participant to tender a cash payment; (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Award; provided, however, that no shares of Common Stock are
withheld with a value exceeding the minimum amount of

tax required to be withheld by law (or such lesser amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of the Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes); (iii) withholding payment
from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; or (iv) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award Agreement.

(i) Electronic Delivery. Any reference herein to a “written” agreement or document will include any
agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at www.sec.gov (or any successor website thereto) or posted on the Company’s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has
access).

(j) Deferrals. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that
the delivery of Common Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals by
Participants will be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Consistent with Section 409A of the Code, the Board may provide for distributions while a Participant is still an employee or otherwise providing services to the
Company. The Board is authorized to make deferrals of Awards and determine when, and in what annual percentages, Participants may receive payments, including lump sum payments, following the Participant’s termination of Continuous Service, and
implement such other terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of the Plan and in accordance with applicable law.

(k)
Compliance with Section 409A of the Code. Unless otherwise expressly provided for in an Award Agreement, the Plan and Award Agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent possible in a manner that makes the Plan and
the Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and, to the extent not so exempt, in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt from and is therefore
subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award Agreement
is silent on terms necessary for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the
shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding an Award that constitutes “deferred compensation” under Section 409A of the Code is a “specified employee” for purposes of Section 409A of the
Code, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a “separation from service” (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date
that is six months following the date of such Participant’s “separation from service” (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) or, if earlier, the date of the
Participant’s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the
balance paid thereafter on the original schedule.

(l) Clawback/Recovery. All Awards granted under the Plan will be
subject to recoupment in accordance with the terms of the Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy that the Company adopted on April 4, 2023, and the Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy that the Company adopted on October 17, 2023. In
addition, the Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Board determines necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired shares
of Common Stock or other cash or property upon the occurrence of an event constituting Cause. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to resign for “good reason” or
“constructive termination” (or similar term) under any agreement with the Company.

(m) Dividends and Dividend
Equivalents. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan, (i) no dividends or dividend equivalents may be paid with respect to any such shares before the date such shares have vested under the terms of such Award Agreement,
(ii) any dividends or dividend equivalents that are credited with respect to any such shares will be subject to all of the terms and conditions applicable to such shares under the terms of such Award Agreement (including, but not limited to,
any vesting conditions), and (iii) any dividends or dividend equivalents that are credited with respect to any such shares will be forfeited to the Company on the date, if any, such shares are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to a
failure to meet any vesting conditions under the terms of such Award Agreement.

8. ADJUSTMENTS UPON
CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK; OTHER CORPORATE EVENTS.

(a) Capitalization Adjustments. In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately
adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a), and (ii) the class(es) and number of securities and price per share of stock subject to outstanding Awards. The Board will make such
adjustments, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive.

(b) Dissolution or Liquidation. Except as
otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, in the event of a Dissolution of the Company, all outstanding Awards (other than Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the
Company’s right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such Dissolution, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Company’s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or
reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Award is providing Continuous Service; provided, however, that the Board may, in its sole discretion, cause some or all Awards to become fully vested, exercisable
and/or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the Dissolution is completed but contingent on its completion.

(c) Corporate Transaction. The following provisions will apply to Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction, and unless
otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of an Award.

(i) Awards May Be Assumed. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, any
surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation’s parent company) may assume or continue any or all Awards outstanding under the Plan or may substitute similar awards for Awards outstanding under the
Plan (including but not limited to, awards to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction) in connection with such Corporate Transaction. A surviving corporation or acquiring
corporation (or its parent) may choose to assume or continue only a portion of an Award or substitute a similar award for only a portion of an Award, or may choose to assume or continue the Awards held by some, but not all Participants. The terms of
any assumption, continuation or substitution will be set by the Board.

(ii) Awards Held by Current Participants. In the
event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such outstanding Awards or substitute similar awards for such outstanding Awards, then with respect to
Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by Participants whose Continuous Service has not terminated prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction (referred to as the “Current
Participants”), the vesting of such Awards and the time when such Awards may be exercised will be accelerated in full to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate
Transaction) as the Board determines (or, if the Board does not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction), and such Awards will terminate if not exercised at or prior to the
effective time of the Corporate Transaction. With respect to the vesting of Awards subject to Performance Goals that will accelerate upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction pursuant to this subsection (ii) and that have multiple vesting
levels depending on the level of performance, unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, the vesting of such Awards will accelerate at 100% of the target level upon the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction. With respect to the vesting of
Awards that will accelerate upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction pursuant to this subsection (ii) and are settled in the form of a cash payment, such cash payment will be made no later than 30 days following the occurrence of the
Corporate Transaction.

(iii) Awards Held by Persons other than Current Participants. In the event of a Corporate
Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such outstanding Awards or substitute similar awards for such outstanding Awards, then with respect to Awards that have not
been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by persons other than Current Participants, such Awards will terminate if not exercised prior to the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction.

(iv) Payment for Awards in Lieu of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in
the event an Award will terminate if not exercised prior to the effective time of a Corporate Transaction, the Board may provide, in its sole discretion, that the holder of such Award may not exercise such Award but will receive a payment, in such
form as may be determined by the Board, equal in value, at the effective time, to the excess, if any, of (1) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Award (including, at the discretion of the
Board, any unvested portion of such Award), over (2) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise.

(d) Change in Control. An Award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a Change
in Control as may be provided in the Award Agreement for such Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, but in the absence of such provision, no such acceleration will occur.

9. EARLIER TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION OF THE
PLAN.

The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan
is suspended or after it is terminated.

10. EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN.

The Plan will come into existence on the Effective Date.

11. CHOICE OF LAW.

The laws of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without
regard to that state’s conflict of laws rules.

12. DEFINITIONS. As used in the Plan, the following definitions
will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below:

(a) “Affiliate” means, at the time of determination,
any “parent” or “subsidiary” of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. The Board will have the authority to determine the time or times at which “parent” or “subsidiary”
status is determined within the foregoing definition.

(b) “Award” means a Nonstatutory Stock Option.

(c) “Award Agreement” means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and
conditions of an Award.

(d) “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(e) “Capitalization Adjustment” means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to,
the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Award after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in
property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock

split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a
Capitalization Adjustment.

(f) “Cause” will have the meaning ascribed to such term in any
written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) such Participant’s
commission of any felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state thereof; (ii) such Participant’s attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of
dishonesty against the Company; (iii) such Participant’s intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between the Participant and the Company or of any statutory duty owed to the Company; (iv) such Participant’s
unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company’s confidential information or trade secrets; or (v) such Participant’s gross misconduct. The determination that a termination of the Participant’s Continuous Service is either for
Cause or without Cause will be made by the Company in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such
Participant will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose.

(g) “Change in Control” means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions,
of any one or more of the following events:

(i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of
securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in
Control will not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other
Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company’s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities, or (C) solely
because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the “Subject Person”) exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting
securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share
acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person
over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control will be deemed to occur;

(ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving
(directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either
(A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50% of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50% of the combined outstanding voting
power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such
transaction;

(iii) there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the
consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50% of the combined
voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or
other disposition; or

(iv) individuals who, on the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board (the
“Incumbent Board”) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; provided, however, that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was
approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member will, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent
Board.

Notwithstanding the foregoing definition or any other provision of
the Plan, the term Change in Control will not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company and the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an
individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant will supersede the foregoing definition with respect to Awards subject to such agreement; provided, however, that if no definition of Change in Control or
any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition will apply.

(h)
“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder.

(i) “Committee” means a committee of one or more Independent Directors to whom authority has been
delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c).

(j) “Common Stock” means the common stock of
the Company.

(k) “Company” means Kura Oncology, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

(l) “Consultant” means any person, including an advisor, who
is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services.
However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a “Consultant” for purposes of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this
Plan only if a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act is available to register either the offer or the sale of the Company’s securities to such person. Consultants are not eligible to
receive Awards under the Plan with respect to their service in such capacity.

(m) “Continuous Service”
means that the Participant’s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an
Affiliate as an Employee, Director or Consultant or a change in the Entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant’s service with the Company or an Affiliate, will
not terminate a Participant’s Continuous Service; provided, however, that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, such
Participant’s Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. For example, a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate or to a Director
will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party’s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered
interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their
successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in an Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company’s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any
leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law. In addition, to the extent required for exemption from or compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the determination of whether there has been
a termination of Continuous Service will be made, and such term will be construed, in a manner that is consistent with the definition of “separation from service” as defined under Treasury Regulation
Section 1.409A-1(h) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder).

(n)
“Corporate Transaction” means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events:

(i) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, of
the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries;

(ii) a sale or other disposition of at least 90% of the outstanding
securities of the Company;

(iii) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is
not the surviving corporation; or

(iv) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving
corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in
the form of securities, cash or otherwise.

If required for compliance with Section 409A of the Code, in no event will a Corporate
Transaction be deemed to have occurred if such transaction is not also a “change in the ownership or effective control of” the Company or “a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of” the Company as
determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder).

(o) “Director” means a member of the Board. Directors are not eligible to receive Awards under the Plan with
respect to their service in such capacity.

(p) “Disability” means, with respect to a Participant, the
inability of such Participant to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous
period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances.

(q) “Dissolution” means when the Company, after having executed a certificate of dissolution with the
State of Delaware, has completely wound up its affairs. Conversion of the Company into a Limited Liability Company will not be considered a “Dissolution” for purposes of the Plan.

(r) “Effective Date” means December 18, 2023.

(s) “Employee” means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director,
or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an “Employee” for purposes of the Plan.

(t) “Entity” means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity.

(u) “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.

(v) “Exchange Act Person” means any natural person, Entity or
“group” (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that “Exchange Act Person” will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any

Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly,
by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company; or (v) any natural person, Entity or “group” (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act)
that, as of the Effective Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities.

(w) “Fair Market Value” means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined as follows:

(i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market
Value of a share of Common Stock will be, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on
the date of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable.

(ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there
is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists.

(iii) In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith and in a
manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code.

(x) “Non-Employee
Director” means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate, does not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly, from the Company or an Affiliate for services
rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the
Securities Act (“Regulation S-K”)), does not possess an interest in any other transaction for which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a business relationship for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K; or (ii) is otherwise considered a “non-employee director” for purposes of Rule 16b-3.

(y) “Nonstatutory Stock Option” means any Option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan
that does not qualify as an “incentive stock option” within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.

(z)
“Officer” means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

(aa) “Option” means a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the
Plan.

(bb) “Option Agreement” means a written agreement between the
Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an Option grant. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

(cc) “Optionholder” means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such
other person who holds an outstanding Option.

(dd) “Own,”
“Owned,” “Owner,” “Ownership” means a person or Entity will be deemed to “Own,” to have “Owned,” to be the
“Owner” of, or to have acquired “Ownership” of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes
the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities.

(ee)
“Participant” means a person to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Award.

(ff) “Performance Criteria” means the one or more criteria that a majority of the Company’s
Independent Directors or the Independent Compensation Committee will select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goals for a Performance Period. The Performance Criteria that will be used to establish such Performance Goals may be based on
any one of, or combination of, the following as determined by a majority of the Company’s Independent Directors or the Independent Compensation Committee: (1) earnings (including earnings per share and net earnings); (2) earnings before
interest, taxes and depreciation; (3) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; (4) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and legal settlements; (5) earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation, amortization, legal settlements and other income (expense); (6) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, legal settlements, other income (expense) and stock-based compensation; (7) earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation, amortization, legal settlements, other income (expense), stock-based compensation and changes in deferred revenue; (8) total stockholder return; (9) return on equity or average stockholders’ equity;
(10) return on assets, investment, or capital employed; (11) stock price; (12) margin (including gross margin); (13) income (before or after taxes); (14) operating income; (15) operating income after taxes; (16) pre-tax profit; (17) operating cash flow; (18) sales or revenue targets; (19) increases in revenue or product revenue; (20) expenses and cost reduction goals; (21) improvement in
or attainment of working capital levels; (22) economic value added (or an equivalent metric); (23) market share; (24) cash flow; (25) cash flow per share; (26) share price performance; (27) debt reduction;
(28) stockholders’ equity; (29) capital expenditures; (30) debt levels; (31) operating profit or net operating profit; (32) workforce diversity; (33) growth of net income or operating income; (34) billings;
(35) bookings; (36) employee retention; (37) initiation of phases of clinical trials and/or studies by specific dates; (38) patient enrollment rates; (39) budget management; (40) submission to, or approval by, a regulatory
body (including, but not limited to the FDA) of an applicable filing or a product candidate; (41) implementation or completion of projects or processes (including, without limitation, clinical trial initiation, clinical trial enrollment,
clinical trial results, new and supplemental indications for existing products, regulatory filing submissions, regulatory filing

acceptances, regulatory or advisory committee interactions, regulatory approvals, and product supply); (42) regulatory milestones; (43) progress of internal research or clinical programs;
(44) progress of partnered programs; (45) partner satisfaction; (46) timely completion of clinical trials; (47) submission of INDs and NDAs and other regulatory achievements; (48) research progress, including the development
of programs; (49) strategic partnerships or transactions (including in-licensing and out-licensing of intellectual property; and (50) other measures of
performance selected by the Company’s Independent Directors or the Independent Compensation Committee.

(gg)
“Performance Goals” means, for a Performance Period, the one or more goals established by a majority of the Company’s Independent Directors or the Independent Compensation Committee for the Performance Period based upon
the Performance Criteria. Performance Goals may be based on a Company-wide basis, with respect to one or more business units, divisions, Affiliates, or business segments, and in either absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more
comparable companies or the performance of one or more relevant indices. Unless specified otherwise by the Company’s Independent Directors or the Independent Compensation Committee (i) in the Award Agreement at the time the Award is
granted or (ii) in such other document setting forth the Performance Goals at the time the Performance Goals are established, the Company’s Independent Directors or the Independent Compensation Committee will appropriately make adjustments
in the method of calculating the attainment of Performance Goals for a Performance Period as follows: (1) to exclude restructuring and/or other nonrecurring charges; (2) to exclude exchange rate effects; (3) to exclude the effects of
changes to generally accepted accounting principles; (4) to exclude the effects of any statutory adjustments to corporate tax rates; (5) to exclude the effects of any “extraordinary items” as determined under generally accepted
accounting principles; (6) to exclude the dilutive effects of acquisitions or joint ventures; (7) to assume that any business divested by the Company achieved performance objectives at targeted levels during the balance of a Performance
Period following such divestiture; (8) to exclude the effect of any change in the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company by reason of any stock dividend or split, stock repurchase, reorganization, recapitalization, merger,
consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to common stockholders other than regular cash dividends; (9) to exclude the effects of
stock based compensation and the award of bonuses under the Company’s bonus plans; (10) to exclude costs incurred in connection with potential acquisitions or divestitures that are required to be expensed under generally accepted
accounting principles; (11) to exclude the goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that are required to be recorded under generally accepted accounting principles; (12) to exclude the effect of any other unusual, non-recurring gain or loss or other extraordinary item; and (13) to exclude the effects of the timing of acceptance for review and/or approval of submissions to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or any
other regulatory body. In addition, the Company’s Independent Directors or the Independent Compensation retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define
the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for such Performance Period. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Award
Agreement.

(hh) “Performance Period” means the period of
time selected by a majority of the Company’s Independent Directors or the Independent Compensation Committee over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant’s right
to and the payment of an Award. Performance Periods may be of varying and overlapping duration, at the sole discretion of a majority of the Company’s Independent Directors or the Independent Compensation Committee.

(ii) “Plan” means this Kura Oncology, Inc. 2023 Inducement Option Plan.

(jj) “Rule 16b-3” means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time.

(kk) “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(ll) “Subsidiary” means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than
50% of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might
have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other Entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect
interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50%.

KURA ONCOLOGY, INC.

STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE

(2023 INDUCEMENT OPTION PLAN)

Kura Oncology, Inc. (the “Company”), pursuant to its 2023 Inducement Option Plan (the “Plan”), hereby grants
to Optionholder an option to purchase the number of shares of the Company’s Common Stock set forth below. This option is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this notice, in the Option Agreement, the Plan and the Notice of
Exercise, all of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this notice but defined in the Plan or the Option Agreement will have the same definitions as in the Plan or the Option
Agreement. If there is any conflict between the terms herein and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control.

 

Optionholder:

 

            

Date of Grant:

 

            

Vesting Commencement Date:

 

            

Number of Shares Subject to Option:

 

            

Exercise Price (Per Share):

 

            

Total Exercise Price:

 

            

Expiration Date:

 

            

 

Type of Grant:

 

Nonstatutory Stock Option

Exercise Schedule:

 

☒   Same as Vesting Schedule

Vesting Schedule:

 

[Please refer to your online records available on E*TRADE or any successor system maintained by the Company for specific vesting dates. Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan or in a separate agreement with the
Company.]

Payment:

 

By one or a combination of the following items (described in the Option Agreement):

 

☒   By cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the
Company

 

☒   Pursuant to a Regulation T Program if the shares are publicly
traded

 

☒   By delivery of already-owned shares if the shares are publicly
traded

 

☒   Subject to the Company’s consent at the time of exercise, by a
“net exercise” arrangement

Additional Terms/Acknowledgements: Optionholder acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees
to, this Stock Option Grant Notice, the Option Agreement and the Plan. Optionholder acknowledges and agrees that this Stock Option Grant Notice and the Option Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except as provided in the Plan.
Optionholder further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Stock Option Grant Notice, the Option Agreement, and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Optionholder and the Company regarding this option award and supersede
all prior oral and written agreements, promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception of (i) options previously granted and delivered to Optionholder, (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company
or is otherwise required by applicable law and (iii) any written employment or severance arrangement that would provide for vesting acceleration of this option upon the terms and conditions set forth therein.

By accepting this option, Optionholder consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company.

 

KURA ONCOLOGY, INC.

 

  

 

OPTIONHOLDER:

By:

 

 

 

 

 

Signature

 

 

Signature

Name:

 

 

 

 

Date:                      

Title:

 

 

 

 

Date:

 

 

 

 

ATTACHMENTS: Option Agreement, 2023 Inducement Option Plan and Notice of Exercise

ATTACHMENT I

KURA ONCOLOGY, INC.

OPTION AGREEMENT

(2023 INDUCEMENT OPTION PLAN)

Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice (“Grant Notice”) and this Option Agreement, Kura Oncology, Inc. (the
“Company”) has granted you an option under its 2023 Inducement Option Plan (the “Plan”) to purchase the number of shares of the Company’s Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the
exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice. The option is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the “Date of Grant”). The option is granted in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule
5635(c)(4) as a material inducement to you entering into employment with the Company. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Option Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in
this Option Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan.

The details of your
option, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows:

1. VESTING. Your
option will vest as provided in your Grant Notice, provided that vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service.

2. NUMBER OF SHARES AND EXERCISE
PRICE. The number of shares of Common Stock subject to your option and your exercise price per share in your Grant Notice will be adjusted for Capitalization Adjustments.

3. EXERCISE RESTRICTION FOR
NON-EXEMPT EMPLOYEES. If you are an Employee eligible for overtime compensation under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended (that is, a “Non-Exempt Employee”), and except as otherwise provided in the Plan, you may not exercise your option until you have completed at least six (6) months of Continuous Service measured from the Date
of Grant, even if you have already been an employee for more than six (6) months. Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, you may exercise your option as to any vested portion prior to such six (6) month
anniversary in the case of (i) your death or disability, (ii) a Corporate Transaction in which your option is not assumed, continued or substituted, (iii) a Change in Control or (iv) your termination of Continuous Service on your
“retirement” (as defined in the Company’s benefit plans).

4. METHOD OF
PAYMENT. You must pay the full amount of the exercise price for the shares you wish to exercise. You may pay the exercise price in cash or by check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company or in any other manner
permitted by your Grant Notice, which may include one or more of the following:

(a) Provided that at the time of
exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of Common Stock, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company
or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the

 

1

Company from the sales proceeds. This manner of payment is also known as a “broker-assisted exercise”, “same day sale”, or “sell to cover”.

(b) Provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or
attestation) of already-owned shares of Common Stock that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, and that are valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise. “Delivery” for these purposes,
in the sole discretion of the Company at the time you exercise your option, will include delivery to the Company of your attestation of ownership of such shares of Common Stock in a form approved by the Company. You may not exercise your option by
delivery to the Company of Common Stock if doing so would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company’s stock.

(c) Subject to the consent of the Company at the time of exercise, by a “net exercise” arrangement pursuant to which the
Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price. You must pay any remaining balance of the
aggregate exercise price not satisfied by the “net exercise” in cash or other permitted form of payment. Shares of Common Stock will no longer be outstanding under your option and will not be exercisable thereafter if those shares
(i) are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the “net exercise,” (ii) are delivered to you as a result of such exercise, and (iii) are withheld to satisfy your tax withholding obligations.

5. WHOLE SHARES. You may exercise your option only for whole shares of Common Stock.

6. SECURITIES LAW COMPLIANCE. In no event may you exercise your option unless the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if not registered, the Company has determined that your exercise and the issuance of the shares would be exempt from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act. The exercise of your option also must comply with all other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance
with such laws and regulations (including any restrictions on exercise required for compliance with Treas. Reg. 1.401(k)-1(d)(3), if applicable).

7. TERM. You may not exercise your option before the Date of Grant or after the expiration of the option’s
term. The term of your option expires, subject to the provisions of Section 5(h) of the Plan, upon the earliest of the following:

(a) immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause;

(b) three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, your Disability or
your death (except as otherwise provided in Section 7(d) below); provided, however, that if during any part of such three (3) month period your option is not exercisable solely because of the condition set forth in the section above
relating to “Securities Law Compliance,” your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three (3) months after the termination of

 

2

your Continuous Service; provided further, that if (i) you are a Non-Exempt Employee, (ii) your Continuous Service terminates within six
(6) months after the Date of Grant, and (iii) you have vested in a portion of your option at the time of your termination of Continuous Service, your option will not expire until the earlier of (x) the later of (A) the date that
is seven (7) months after the Date of Grant, and (B) the date that is three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service, and (y) the Expiration Date;

(c) twelve (12) months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability (except as otherwise provided in
Section 7(d)) below;

(d) eighteen (18) months after your death if you die either during your Continuous Service or
within three (3) months after your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than Cause;

(e) the Expiration Date
indicated in your Grant Notice; or

(f) the day before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Date of Grant.

8. EXERCISE.

(a) You may exercise the vested portion of your option (and the unvested portion of your option if your Grant Notice so permits) during
its term by (i) delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) or completing such other documents and/or procedures designated by the Company for exercise and (ii) paying the exercise price and any applicable
withholding taxes to the Company’s Secretary, stock plan administrator, or such other person as the Company may designate, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require.

(b) By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into
an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by reason of (i) the exercise of your option, (ii) the lapse of any substantial risk of forfeiture to which the shares
of Common Stock are subject at the time of exercise, or (iii) the disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise.

9. TRANSFERABILITY. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 9, your option is not transferable, except
by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you.

(a) Certain Trusts.
Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may transfer your option to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner (determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable state law)
while the option is held in the trust. You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company.

(b) Domestic Relations Orders. Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided
that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your option

 

3

pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2) that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this option with the Company prior to finalizing
the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement.

(c) Beneficiary Designation. Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may, by
delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company and any broker designated by the Company to handle option exercises, designate a third party who, on your death, will thereafter be entitled to exercise this option and
receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to exercise this option and receive, on behalf of your estate, the
Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise.

10. RIGHT OF
FIRST REFUSAL. Shares of Common Stock that you acquire upon exercise of your option are subject to any right of first refusal that may be described in the Company’s bylaws in effect at such time the Company
elects to exercise its right. The Company’s right of first refusal will expire on the first date upon which any security of the Company is listed (or approved for listing) upon notice of issuance on a national securities exchange or quotation
system.

11. RIGHT OF REPURCHASE. To the extent provided in the Company’s
bylaws in effect at such time the Company elects to exercise its right, the Company will have the right to repurchase all or any part of the shares of Common Stock you acquire pursuant to the exercise of your option.

12. OPTION NOT A SERVICE CONTRACT. Your option is not
an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your
employment. In addition, nothing in your option will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the
Company or an Affiliate.

13. WITHHOLDING OBLIGATIONS.

(a) At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, and at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby
authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a “same day sale” pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the
Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your
option.

(b) Upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, and compliance with any applicable legal conditions or
restrictions, the Company may withhold from fully vested

 

4

shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value, determined by the Company as of the date of
exercise, not in excess of the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lower amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes). If the date of determination of
any tax withholding obligation is deferred to a date later than the date of exercise of your option, share withholding pursuant to the preceding sentence shall not be permitted unless you make a proper and timely election under Section 83(b) of
the Code, covering the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise with respect to which such determination is otherwise deferred, to accelerate the determination of such tax withholding obligation to the date of exercise
of your option. Notwithstanding the filing of such election, shares of Common Stock shall be withheld solely from fully vested shares of Common Stock determined as of the date of exercise of your option that are otherwise issuable to you upon such
exercise. Any adverse consequences to you arising in connection with such share withholding procedure shall be your sole responsibility.

(c) You may not exercise your option unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or any Affiliate are satisfied.
Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your option when desired even though your option is vested, and the Company will have no obligation to issue a certificate for such shares of Common Stock or release such shares of Common Stock from any
escrow provided for herein, if applicable, unless such obligations are satisfied.

14. TAX
CONSEQUENCES. You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You will not make any claim
against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your option or your other compensation. In particular, you acknowledge that this option is exempt from Section 409A of the
Code only if the exercise price per share specified in the Grant Notice is at least equal to the “fair market value” per share of the Common Stock on the Date of Grant and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated
with the option. Because the Common Stock is not traded on an established securities market, the Fair Market Value is determined by the Board, perhaps in consultation with an independent valuation firm retained by the Company. You acknowledge that
there is no guarantee that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with the valuation as determined by the Board, and you will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the
Internal Revenue Service asserts that the valuation determined by the Board is less than the “fair market value” as subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service.

15. NOTICES. Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan will be given in writing (including
electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address
you provided to the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this option by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.
By accepting this option, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or
another third party designated by the Company.

 

5

16. GOVERNING PLAN DOCUMENT. Your
option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and
adopted pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control.

 

6

ATTACHMENT II

2023 INDUCEMENT OPTION PLAN

ATTACHMENT III

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

(2023 INDUCEMENT OPTION PLAN)

Kura Oncology, Inc.

12730 High Bluff Drive, Suite 400

San Diego, CA 92130

  

Date of Exercise:        

This constitutes notice to Kura Oncology, Inc. (the “Company”) under my stock option
that I elect to purchase the below number of shares of Common Stock of the Company (the “Shares”) for the price set forth below.

 

Type of option:

  

Nonstatutory

Stock option dated:

  

_______________

Number of Shares as
to which option is
exercised:

  

_______________

Certificates to be
issued in name of:

  

_______________

Total exercise price:

  

$______________

Cash payment delivered
herewith:

  

$______________

Value of ________ Shares delivered herewith1:

  

$______________

Value of ________ Shares pursuant to net exercise2:

  

$______________

Regulation T Program (cashless exercise3):

  

$______________

 

 

 

1 

Shares must meet the public trading requirements set forth in the option. Shares must be valued in accordance
with the terms of the option being exercised, and must be owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests. Certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by an executed assignment separate from certificate.

2 

Kura Oncology, Inc. must have established net exercise procedures at the time of exercise, in order to utilize
this payment method.

3 

Shares must meet the public trading requirements set forth in the option.

By this exercise, I agree (i) to provide such additional documents as you may require
pursuant to the terms of the 2023 Inducement Option Plan, and (ii) to provide for the payment by me to you (in the manner designated by you) of your withholding obligation, if any, relating to the exercise of this option.

 

Very truly yours,