EX-99.1
4
d926269dex991.htm
EX-99.1

EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1

Kura Oncology Announces Commencement of Public Offering of Common Stock

SAN DIEGO, May 5, 2020 – Kura Oncology, Inc. (Nasdaq: KURA), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company committed
to realizing the promise of precision medicines for the treatment of cancer, today announced that it has commenced an underwritten public offering, subject to market and other conditions, to issue and sell shares of its common stock. In connection
with the offering, Kura expects to grant the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 15% of the shares of common stock offered in the public offering. There can be no assurance as to
whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering.

SVB Leerink, Cowen and Credit Suisse are acting as
joint bookrunning managers in the offering.

The securities described above are being offered by Kura pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, including a base prospectus, that was previously filed by Kura with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and that was declared effective on August 28, 2019. A preliminary prospectus
supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available for free on the SEC’s website located at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying
prospectus relating to the offering, when available, may be obtained from: SVB Leerink LLC, Attention: Syndicate Department, One Federal Street, 37th Floor, Boston, MA 02110, by telephone at
(800) 808-7525, ext. 6218, or by email at syndicate@svbleerink.com; Cowen and Company, LLC c/o Broadridge Financial Services, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by email at
PostSaleManualRequests@broadridge.com, or by phone at (833) 297-2926; or Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, Eleven Madison Avenue, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10010, or by telephone at (800) 221-1037, or by email at usa.prospectus@credit-suisse.com.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these
securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Kura Oncology

Kura Oncology is a clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical company committed to realizing the promise of precision medicines for the treatment of cancer. Kura’s pipeline consists of two wholly-owned small molecule drug candidates that target cancer signaling pathways where there is a
strong scientific and clinical rationale to improve outcomes by identifying those patients most likely to benefit from treatment. Kura’s most advanced drug candidate is tipifarnib, a potent, selective and orally bioavailable farnesyl
transferase inhibitor currently in a registration-directed trial in patients with recurrent or metastatic HRAS mutant head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). Kura’s pipeline is also highlighted by
KO-539, a potentially first-in-class, potent and selective inhibitor of the menin-MLL protein-protein interaction currently in a
Phase 1/2A clinical trial in patients with relapsed/refractory AML.

Forward-Looking Statements

Statements contained in this press release regarding matters that are not historical facts are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about Kura’s expectations regarding the completion and timing of the proposed offering, and its expectations with respect
to granting the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase additional shares. Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. Words such as “believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “expects,” “intends,” “will,” “goal,” “potential” and similar expressions are
intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon Kura’s current expectations and involve assumptions that may never materialize or may prove to be incorrect. Actual results and the timing of
events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of various risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, risks associated with market conditions and the satisfaction of closing
conditions related to the proposed public offering, risks and uncertainties associated with Kura’s business and finances in general, risks associated with the COVID-19 global pandemic, and the other risks
described in Kura’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2020 and other filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release
speak only as of the date on which they were made. Kura undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made.

Contacts

Company:

Pete De Spain

Vice President, Investor Relations &

Corporate Communications

(858)
500-8803

pete@kuraoncology.com

Investors:

Robert H. Uhl

Managing Director

Westwicke ICR

(858) 356-5932

robert.uhl@westwicke.com

Media:

Jason Spark

Managing Director

Canale Communications

(619)
849-6005

jason@canalecomm.com