EX-99.2
5
d89982dex992.htm
EX-99.2

EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2

 

Kymera Therapeutics Announces Pricing of Upsized $602 Million Public Offering

Watertown, Mass. (December 9, 2025) – – Kymera Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: KYMR), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company advancing a
new class of oral small molecule degrader medicines for immunological diseases, today announced the pricing of its underwritten public offering of $602.0 million of shares of its common stock. Kymera is selling 7,000,000 shares of common stock
in the offering, which are being sold at a public offering price of $86.00 per share. In addition, Kymera has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,050,000 shares of its
common stock at the public offering price per share, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The gross proceeds to Kymera from the offering are expected to be approximately $602.0 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and
commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by Kymera, assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares. All of the securities being sold in this offering are being offered by Kymera. The offering is
expected to close on December 11, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Kymera intends to use the net proceeds from the
offering to continue to advance its pipeline of preclinical and clinical degrader programs that are designed to address large patient populations with significant need and clear commercial opportunity, and for working capital and other general
corporate purposes.

Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan, Jefferies, Stifel, Guggenheim Securities and Wells Fargo Securities are acting as joint book-running
managers for the offering.

The securities described above are being offered pursuant to an automatically effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-282912) that was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on October 31, 2024. This offering is being made only by
means of a prospectus supplement and an accompanying prospectus that form a part of the registration statement.

A final prospectus supplement related to
and describing the terms of the offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SEC’s website located at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and an accompanying prospectus related to the offering may also be
obtained, when available, from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, or by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial
Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com and postsalemanualrequests@broadridge.com; Jefferies LLC by mail at Attn: Equity Syndicate Prospectus
Department, 520 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022, by telephone at (877) 821-7388, or by email at prospectus_department@jefferies.com; Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Attention: Prospectus
Department, One Montgomery Street, Suite 3700, San Francisco, CA 94104, by telephone at (415) 364-2720 or by email at syndprospectus@stifel.com; Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate
Department, 330 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10017, telephone: at (212) 518-9544, or by emailing GSEquityProspectusDelivery@guggenheimpartners.com; and Wells Fargo Securities, 90 South 7th Street, 5th Floor, Minneapolis, MN 55402, at 800-645-3751 (option
#5) or email a request to WFScustomerservice@wellsfargo.com.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall
there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of that state or jurisdiction.

About Kymera Therapeutics

Kymera is a clinical-stage
biotechnology company pioneering the field of targeted protein degradation (TPD) to develop medicines that address critical health problems and have the potential to dramatically improve patients’ lives. Kymera is deploying TPD to address
disease targets and pathways inaccessible with conventional therapeutics. Having advanced the first degrader into the clinic for immunological diseases, Kymera is focused on building an industry-leading pipeline of oral small molecule degraders to
provide a new generation of convenient, highly effective therapies for patients with these conditions. Founded in 2016, Kymera has been recognized as one of Boston’s top workplaces for the past several years.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Statements in this press release may contain “forward-looking statements” that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking
statements contained in this press release may be identified by the use of words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “could,”
“intend,” “target,” “project,” “contemplate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these terms or
other similar expressions, and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the expected gross proceeds from the offering, completion and timing of the public offering and the anticipated use of proceeds from the offering. Any
forward-looking statements are based on Kymera’s current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially and adversely from those
set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties related to market conditions and satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the public
offering. For a discussion of other risks and uncertainties, and other important factors, any of which could cause Kymera’s actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the section entitled “Risk
Factors” in Kymera’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods
ended March 31, 2025, June 30, 2025 and September 30, 2025, as well as in the prospectus supplement related to the public offering. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on information available to
Kymera as of the date hereof and are made only as of the date of this release. Kymera undertakes no obligation to update such information except as required under applicable law. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as
representing Kymera’s views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release. In light of the foregoing, investors are urged not to rely on any forward-looking statement in reaching any conclusion or making any investment decision
about any securities of Kymera.

Investor & Media Contact:

Justine Koenigsberg

Vice President, Investor Relations

investors@kymeratx.com

media@kymeratx.com

857-285-5300