false
0001000694

0001000694

2024-10-16
2024-10-16

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

 

 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

 

 

FORM 8-K

 

 

CURRENT REPORT

 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
October 16, 2024

 

 

NOVAVAX, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in charter)  

 

 

Delaware

 

0-26770

 

22-2816046

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation)

 

(Commission File Number)

 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

 

700 Quince Orchard Road

Gaithersburg, Maryland 20878

(Address of Principal Executive Offices,
including Zip Code)

 

(240) 268-2000

(Registrant’s telephone number,
including area code)

 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

 

 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

 

¨

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 

 

¨

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

 

 

¨

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 

 

¨

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

  

Title of each class

 

Trading

Symbol(s)

 

Name of each exchange on which

registered

Common Stock, Par Value $0.01 per share

 

NVAX

 

The Nasdaq Global Select Market

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging
growth company ¨

 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨

 

 

 

 

 

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

 

On October 16, 2024, Novavax, Inc. (“Novavax”)
issued the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

 

The information in Item 7.01 is being furnished and
shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise
subject to the liabilities of that Section and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other
document filed pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except as shall
be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. In addition, the contents of Novavax’s website are not incorporated
by reference into this Current Report on Form 8-K and you should not consider information provided on Novavax’s website to be part
of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

 

On October 11, 2024, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(“FDA”) notified Novavax that the FDA has placed a clinical hold on Novavax’s Investigational New Drug Application (“IND”)
for its COVID-19-Influenza Combination (“CIC”) and standalone influenza vaccine candidates. The clinical hold is due to a
spontaneous report of a serious adverse event (“SAE”) of motor neuropathy in a single CIC Phase 2 trial participant outside
of the U.S. who received the vaccine in January 2023. The trial completed in July 2023 and the participant reported the SAE in September
2024. The FDA indicated they will provide an official clinical hold letter to Novavax within 30 days. The clinical hold may impact the
timing of the initiation of, and data for, the Phase 3 immunogenicity trial for its CIC and standalone influenza vaccine candidate.

 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

 

This
Current Report on Form 8-K includes forward-looking statements, including statements related to the potential resolution of the clinical
hold placed on Novavax’s IND for its CIC and standalone influenza vaccine candidates and the timing of the initiation of, and data
for, the Phase 3 immunogenicity trial for Novavax’s CIC and standalone influenza vaccine candidates. Generally, forward-looking
statements can be identified through the use of words or phrases such as “believe,” “may,” “could,”
“will,” “would,” “possible,” “can,” “estimate,” “continue,” “ongoing,”
“consider,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “seek,” “plan,” “project,”
“expect,” “should,” “would,” “aim,” or “assume,” the negative of these terms,
or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words.

 

 

 

 

Forward-looking
statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on Novavax’s current
beliefs and expectations about the future of its business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the
economy, and other future conditions. Forward-looking statements involve estimates, assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could cause
actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements, and, therefore, you
should not place considerable reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation,
challenges satisfying, alone or together with partners, various safety, efficacy, and product characterization requirements, including
those related to process qualification, assay validation and stability testing, necessary to satisfy applicable regulatory authorities;
challenges or delay clinical trials or in obtaining regulatory authorization for its product candidates; manufacturing, distribution or
export delays or challenges; Novavax's substantial dependence on Serum Institute of India Pvt. Ltd. and Serum Life Sciences Limited for
co-formulation and filling and PCI Pharma Services for finishing Novavax’s COVID-19 vaccine and the impact of any delays or disruptions
in their operations; difficulty obtaining scarce raw materials and supplies, including for Novavax’s proprietary adjuvant; resource
constraints, including human capital and manufacturing capacity; on the ability of Novavax to pursue planned regulatory pathways potential
regulatory actions; challenges in implementing Novavax’s global restructuring and cost reduction plan and additional cost reduction
program; and those other risk factors identified in the “Risk Factors” and “Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections of Novavax's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2023, and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Novavax
cautions investors not to place considerable reliance on forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K. Investors
are encouraged to read Novavax’s filings with the SEC, available at www.sec.gov and www.novavax.com,
for a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K speak only
as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and Novavax undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of the statements. Novavax’s
business is subject to substantial risks and uncertainties, including those referenced above. Investors, potential investors, and others
should give careful consideration to these risks and uncertainties.

 

The information
in Item 7.01 is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into
any registration statement or other document filed pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. In addition, the contents of Novavax’s
website are not incorporated by reference into this Current Report on Form 8-K and you should not consider information provided on Novavax’s
website to be part of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d) Exhibits.

 

Exhibit No.

 

Description

99.1

 

Press release, dated October 16, 2024

104

 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL).

 

 

 

 

SIGNATURES

 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

 

 

NOVAVAX, INC.

 

 

 

Date: October 16, 2024

By:

/s/ Mark J. Casey

 

Name:

Mark J. Casey

 

Title:

Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary