false
0001000694

0001000694

2024-11-19
2024-11-19

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

 

 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

 

 

FORM 8-K

 

 

CURRENT REPORT

 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
November 19, 2024

 

 

NOVAVAX, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in charter)  

 

 

Delaware

 

0-26770

 

22-2816046

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation)

 

(Commission File Number)

 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

 

700 Quince Orchard Road

Gaithersburg, Maryland 20878

(Address of Principal Executive Offices,
including Zip Code)

 

(240) 268-2000

(Registrant’s telephone number,
including area code)

 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

 

 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

 

¨

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 

 

¨

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

 

 

¨

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 

 

¨

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

  

Title of each class

 

Trading

Symbol(s)

 

Name of each exchange on which

registered

Common Stock, Par Value $0.01 per share

 

NVAX

 

The Nasdaq Global Select Market

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging
growth company ¨

 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨

 

 

 

 

 

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

 

On November 20, 2024, Novavax, Inc. (the “Company”)
will provide an update for investors at the 2024 Jefferies London Healthcare Conference, sharing information relating to certain strategic
and business updates (the “Investor Presentation”), which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and
incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference. A copy of the Investor Presentation will also be accessible on the Company’s website
at www.novavax.com under “Latest Investor Presentation.”

 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.

 

This Current Report on Form 8-K and the Investor Presentation attached
as Exhibit 99.1 include forward-looking statements including statements related to our corporate strategy and operating plans, objectives
and prospects; our value drivers and near-term priorities; our partnerships, including expectations with respect to potential royalties,
milestones, and cost reimbursement, and plans for additional potential partnering activities; our expectations regarding manufacturing
capacity, timing, production and delivery for our COVID-19 vaccine; the development of our clinical and preclinical product candidates
and innovation expansion opportunities; the conduct, timing and potential results from clinical trials and other preclinical studies;
scope, timing and outcome of future and pending regulatory filings and actions; potential market sizes and demand for our COVID-19 vaccine
and product candidates; full year 2024 financial guidance; expected combined annual R&D and SG&A expenses for 2025 and 2026;
the amount and impact of our cost reduction plans; our future financial or business performance; plans with respect to our existing advanced
purchase agreements; and the potential sale of our Czech Republic manufacturing facility. Generally, forward-looking statements can be
identified through the use of words or phrases such as “believe,” “may,” “could,” “will,”
“would,” “possible,” “can,” “estimate,” “continue,” “ongoing,”
“consider,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “seek,” “plan,” “project,”
“expect,” “should,” “would,” “aim,” or “assume,” the negative of these terms,
or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words.

 

Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances
of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs and expectations about the future of our business, future plans
and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy, and other future conditions. Forward-looking statements involve
estimates, assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed
or implied in any forward-looking statements, and, therefore, you should not place considerable reliance on any such forward-looking statements.
Such risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, our ability to successfully and timely manufacture, market, distribute, or deliver
our updated 2024-2025 formula COVID-19 vaccine and the impact of our not having received a BLA from the FDA for the 2024-2025 vaccination
season; challenges related to our partnership with Sanofi and in pursuing additional partnership opportunities; challenges satisfying,
alone or together with partners, various safety, efficacy, and product characterization requirements, including those related to process
qualification, assay validation and stability testing, necessary to satisfy applicable regulatory authorities; challenges or delays in
conducting clinical trials or studies for our product candidates, including increased costs associated with the Phase 3 trial for our
CIC and stand-alone influenza vaccine candidates; challenges or delays in obtaining regulatory authorization for our product candidates,
including for future COVID-19 variant strain changes, our CIC vaccine candidate, our stand-alone influenza vaccine candidate or other
product candidates; manufacturing, distribution or export delays or challenges; our substantial dependence on Serum Institute of India
Pvt. Ltd. and Serum Life Sciences Limited for co-formulation and filling our COVID-19 vaccine and the impact of any delays or disruptions
in their operations; difficulty obtaining scarce raw materials and supplies including for its proprietary adjuvant; resource constraints,
including human capital and manufacturing capacity; constraints on our ability to pursue planned regulatory pathways, alone or with partners;
challenges in implementing our global restructuring and cost reduction plan; challenges in obtaining commercial adoption and market acceptance
of our updated 2024-2025 formula COVID-19 vaccine or any COVID-19 variant strain containing formulation, or for our CIC vaccine candidate
and stand-alone influenza vaccine candidate or other product candidates; challenges meeting contractual requirements under agreements
with multiple commercial, governmental, and other entities, including requirements to deliver doses that may require us to refund portions
of upfront and other payments previously received or result in reduced future payments pursuant to such agreements and challenges in amending
or terminating such agreements; challenges related to the seasonality of vaccinations against COVID-19; challenges related to the demand
for vaccinations against COVID-19 or influenza; challenges in identifying and successfully pursuing innovation expansion opportunities;
our expectations as to expenses and cash needs may prove not to be correct for reasons such as changes in plans or actual events being
different than its assumptions; and other risks and uncertainties identified in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” of our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on February
28, 2024, and in Part II, Item 1A “Risk Factors” of our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March
31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024 filed with the SEC on May 10, 2024, August 11, 2024, and November 12, 2024, respectively,
which may be detailed and modified or updated in other documents filed with the SEC from time to time, and are available at www.sec.gov
and at www.novavax.com. You are encouraged to read these filings as they are made.

 

 

 

 

We cannot guarantee future results, events, level of activity, performance,
or achievement. Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K and the Investor Presentation may turn
out to be inaccurate or materially different from actual results. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date when
it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events, or otherwise, unless required by law. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which
factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination
of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.

 

The information in Item 7.01, including Exhibit
99.1, is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration
statement or other document filed pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. In addition, the contents of the Company’s website
are not incorporated by reference into this Current Report on Form 8-K and you should not consider information provided on the Company’s
website to be part of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d) Exhibits.

 

Exhibit
No.

 

Description

99.1

 

Investor Presentation of
Novavax, Inc.

104

 

Cover Page Interactive
Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL).

 

 

 

 

SIGNATURES

 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

 

 

Novavax, Inc.

 

 

 

Date: November 19, 2024

By:

/s/ Mark Casey

 

Name:

Mark Casey

 

Title:

Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate
Secretary