EX-99.1
2
tm262897d1_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1

Exhibit 99.1

 

 

© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 1
Novavax Corporate
Presentation
John C. Jacobs, President and
Chief Executive Officer
J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference
© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 1

© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 2
We envision a world where our
technology is amplified to touch
the lives of billions, sparking
transformation in global health.
This is
Novavax
© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 2

© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 3
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This presentation includes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements generally can be
identified by the use of words such as “anticipate,” “expect,” “plan,” “could,” “may,” “will,” “believe,”
“estimate,” “forecast,” “goal,” “project,” and other words of similar meaning. These forward-looking
statements address various matters including Novavax’s corporate strategy and operating plans, objectives
and prospects; its value drivers and near-term priorities; its partnerships, including expectations with
respect to potential royalties, milestones, and cost reimbursement, and plans for additional potential
partnering activities; its expectations regarding manufacturing capacity, timing, production and delivery for
its COVID-19 vaccine; the transition of the lead responsibility for commercialization of Novavax’s COVID-19
vaccine to Sanofi beginning with the 2025-2026 vaccination season the development of Novavax’s clinical
and preclinical product candidates and pipeline advancement; the conduct, timing and potential results
from clinical trials and other preclinical and postmarketing studies; scope, timing and outcome of future
and pending regulatory filings and actions; potential future market sizes and demand for its COVID-19
vaccine and product candidates; the conduct of our post marketing commitment (“PMC”) study requested
by the U.S. FDA following the U.S. FDA’s approval of the BLA for our COVID-19 Vaccine and the expected
costs and timing associated with the PMC study; full year 2025 financial guidance and revenue framework;
expected combined annual R&D and SG&A expenses for 2025, 2026 and 2027; the amount and impact of
Novavax’s cost reduction plans; Novavax’s future financial or business performance; and plans and
negotiations with respect to Novavax’s existing advanced purchase agreements.
Novavax cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, Novavax’s ability to successfully and timely obtain
and maintain full U.S. FDA licensure or foreign regulatory approvals necessary to manufacture, market,
distribute, or deliver its COVID-19 vaccine; the impact of delays in obtaining regulatory approval, including
regulatory decisions impacting labeling, approval or authorization, including the scope of the indicated
population, product dosage, manufacturing processes, shelf life, safety, for Novavax’s product candidates;
challenges in conducting the PMC study, Novavax’s ability to obtain adequate additional funding to maintain
its current level of operations and fund the further development of its vaccine candidates; challenges
related to Novavax’s partnership with Sanofi, including collaboration on the PMC, and in pursuing additional
partnership opportunities; challenges satisfying, alone or together with partners, various safety, efficacy,
and product characterization requirements, including those related to process qualification, assay
validation, and stability testing, necessary to satisfy applicable regulatory authorities; challenges or delays
in conducting clinical trials or studies for Novavax’s product candidates; manufacturing, distribution or
export delays or challenges; Novavax’s substantial dependence on Serum Institute of India Pvt. Ltd. and
Serum Life Sciences Limited for co-formulation and filling Novavax’s COVID-19 vaccine and the impact of
any delays or disruptions in their operations; the impact of potential legislative, regulatory, or policy
changes under the current presidential administration, including any adverse impact funding for vaccine
research and development, reimbursement for vaccines and their administration, vaccine mandates and
recommendations, and public perception of vaccine importance; uncertainty with respect to pricing, third-party reimbursement and healthcare reform; uncertainty in the regulatory pathway for our COVID -19
vaccine; the impact of any new or changes in interpretations of existing trade measures, including tariffs,
embargoes, sanctions, import restrictions, and export licensing requirements; difficulty obtaining scarce
raw materials and supplies, including for Novavax’s proprietary adjuvant; resource constraints, including
human capital and manufacturing capacity, constraints on Novavax’s ability to pursue planned regulatory
pathways, alone or with partners, in multiple jurisdictions simultaneously, leading to staggering of
regulatory filings, and potential regulatory actions; Novavax’s ability to timely deliver doses; challenges in
obtaining commercial adoption and market acceptance of Novavax’s COVID-19 vaccine or any COVID-19
variant strain containing formulation, or Novavax’s CIC vaccine candidates, stand-alone influenza vaccine
candidates or other candidates; challenges meeting contractual requirements under agreements with
multiple commercial, governmental, and other entities, including requirements to deliver doses that may
require Novavax to refund portions of upfront and other payments previously received or result in reduced
future payments pursuant to such agreements and challenges in negotiating, amending or terminating such
agreements; challenges related to the seasonality of vaccinations against COVID-19 or influenza;
challenges related to the demand for vaccinations against COVID-19 or influenza; challenges in identifying
and successfully pursuing innovation expansion opportunities; Novavax’s expectation as to expenses and
cash needs may prove not to be correct for reasons such as changes in plans or actual events being
different than Novavax’s assumptions, and other risks and uncertainties identified the “Risk Factors” and
“Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections of
Novavax's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and subsequent Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Novavax cautions
investors not to place considerable reliance on forward-looking statements contained in this presentation.
Investors are encouraged to read Novavax’s filings with the SEC, available at www.sec.gov and
www.novavax.com, for a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties.
The forward-looking statements in this presentation speak only as of the date of this presentation, and we
undertake no obligation to update or revise any of these statements. Our business is subject to substantial
risks and uncertainties, including those referenced above. Investors, potential investors, and others should
give careful consideration to these risks and uncertainties.
NovavaxTM (and all associated logos) is a trademark of Novavax, Inc. Matrix-M is a trademark of Novavax AB.

© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 4
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The Company presents the following non-GAAP financial measures in this presentation: Combined R&D and SG&A expenses (net of partner reimbursements) and Non-GAAP profitability. Non-GAAP financial
measures refer to financial information adjusted from financial measures prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). The Company believes that the
presentation of these adjusted financial measures is useful to investors as they provide additional information on comparisons between periods by including certain items that affect overall comparability.
The Company uses these non-GAAP financial measures for business planning purposes and to consider underlying trends of its business. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to,
and not as an alternative for, the Company’s reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our use of non-GAAP financial measures may differ from similar measures reported by other companies and
may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures. The Company is unable to reconcile these forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures without
unreasonable effort because the Company is reliant on Sanofi sales forecasts for certain revenue categories, which are not available.

© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 5
Global Commercial
Company With
Singular Focus on
COVID-19
Vision for Long-term
Growth Via Diversified
Revenue Base
Driving Value
Through Partnering
and R&D Innovation
• Bold leadership
changes
• Aggressive cost and
liability reduction
• Sanofi partnership
secured
• New growth strategy
• Seeking new and expanded
partnerships to unlock
growth
• Driving continuous
innovation on our
technology platform via
R&D
• Fast, agile proof of concept
R&D approach – clinic as
early as 2027
• Envision multiple large
pharma partners
• Multiple, diversified
royalty streams
+ milestone opportunities
• Path to non-GAAP
profitability1,2 as early
as 2028
2025-2027 2028 and Beyond
Potential to achieve billions in milestones + royalties with current agreements
2023-2024
© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 5
Transformed
Our Business
Model to Position
Novavax for
Long-term Value
Creation

© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 6
Actual Novavax scientist
• Strong existing
partnerships drive current
value and have the
potential to deliver
significant additional value
over time
• Actively seeking new
partnerships to further
amplify the value of our
technology
• Lean and focused
R&D and BD
operating model
Partnerships R&D Lean Operating
In-house early-stage R&D to: Model
• Drive further proof points
on value of our technology
• Expand utility of
our technology
• Build, create additional
assets that can further
facilitate partnering
Corporate Growth Strategy Designed to Deliver
Value Through Partnering and R&D Innovation
6 6

© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 7
• New Matrix-M pipeline asset(s)
milestones & royalties
• CIC/Nuvaxovid royalties
• CIC milestones &
royalties
• Nuvaxovid royalties
• Improved financial
terms in 2025
• Nuvaxovid
milestones &
royalties (20 years)
• Annual milestones and
royalties
• Annual milestones and
royalties
Novavax R&D efforts are focused on
generating new data and proof
points for our technology, further
strengthening our IP and expanding
the utility of Matrix-M both within
and beyond infectious disease with
the goal of long term, continuous
regeneration of new partnering
opportunities for years to come
© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved.
Current Near- to
Mid-Term
Mid- to
Long-Term
For Matrix:
• Active MTAs w/ top
10 pharmas
• Additional MTAs with other
organizations
• New MTA signed
in Q4 2025 with another
large pharma
• New potential
partnerships
• New data and proof
points for our
technology from
NVAX R&D efforts
• New potential partnerships
• New assets from NVAX R&D
Value Creation
Opportunity
Amplifies
Over Time
with Potential
for Billions in
Revenue
• Royalties • Royalties • Royalties
Other
7 7

© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 8
2025:
A Year of Achievements
Potential for Value Creation:
2026-2028 and beyond
Ongoing receipt of
milestones and royalties from
existing partnerships
Nuvaxovid U.S. BLA
approved + commercial
transition to Sanofi
$225 million in Sanofi
milestones achieved
Sanofi flu / COVID-19
combination clinical programs
that include Nuvaxovid
achieved positive preliminary
results
R21/Matrix-M malaria vaccine
via partners achieved 85%
share in growing market2
Developed and advanced
new pipeline programs
Optimized existing partnerships
Multiple MTAs signed
Advance early-stage
assets into the clinic
Preclinical data and
select product candidates
for clinical work,
expansion beyond ID
Additional licensing agreements
with Matrix and new partnerships
for pipeline assets
>12% market share1
for
Nuvaxovid in Japan in 2025
via Takeda partnership
© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved.
1. Encise cluster daily data.
2. Novavax internal data.

© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 9
Novavax technology has the potential to target
high-value/ high unmet need vaccine opportunities
Potential for cancer immunotherapies,
vaccine and adjuvant innovations
~$12B2
2024 2032
Over
$42B2
Combined total
of projection of
the infectious
disease and oncology
immunotherapeutics
categories globally
© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved.
~$57B1
2024
Over
$75B1
Market Projected to
Grow
Key Markets:
• Pneumococcal
• HPV
• Shingles
• Flu
• COVID-19
• Flu/COVID-19 Combo
• DTaP
• Meningococcal
• RSV
Novavax Growth Strategy is Focused on Tapping Into a Global Market
Opportunity That is Projected to Grow to >$100B by the 2030s
9
1. McKinsey Report, March 2025.
2. Fortune Business Insights, November 2025.

© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 10
Matrix-M® Adjuvant
• Helps induce a broad, potent and
long-lasting immune response1,2
• Compatible with multiple vaccine
development platforms3,4
• Ability to lower antigen content,
improving tolerability and lowering
COGS5-7
• ~25 million doses9 of R21/Matrix-M
malaria vaccine distributed
A platform with a proven safety profile
• More than 5.5 million doses8 of COVID-19 vaccine administered globally
Recombinant Protein-based
Nanoparticles
• Highly immunogenic
• Enables Novavax to develop our own
vaccine candidates
• Rapid early–antigen development
capability enables speed to early-stage
proof of concept
Technology Platform Fuels Pipeline, Partnerships
and Value Creation
1. Keech C, et al. N Engl J Med. 2020 Dec 10;383(24):2320-2332.
2. Yadav P, et al. Vaccine Insight 2023; 02:59-66.
3. Stertman L, et al. Hum Vaccin Immunoter. 2023 Dec 31;19(1):2189885.
4. Sang S, et al. Welcome Open Res. 2023; 8:450.
5. Carnrot C, et al. Front Drug Deliv. 2023. 3:1279710.
6. Rousculp MD, et al. Vaccines (Basel) 2024 12(7):802.
7. Chung KY, et al. Vaccine. 2015. 33(32):3953-62.
8. Novavax internal data as of December 2025.
© 9. UNICEF. 2025. Gavi shipment report. 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved.

© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 11
P Preclinical 1 Phase 1 2 Phase 2 3 Phase 3 A Authorized Use
Therapeutic Area Candidate Phase Partner
COVID-19 Nuvaxovid (COVID-19 Vaccine, Adjuvanted)1
Malaria R21/Matrix-M® adjuvant2
Clostridiodes difficile (C. diff) colitis –
initial preclinical work funded C. diff
Varicella-zoster virus (shingles) – initial
preclinical work funded Shingles vaccine
Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) – initial
preclinical work funded RSV combinations (RSV, hMPV, other respiratory)
Pandemic influenza – advances only if
funded by partner/government Pandemic influenza vaccine
COVID-19 + seasonal influenza –
available for partnership; no current
investment
COVID-19-Influenza Combination (CIC) vaccine
Seasonal Influenza – available for
partnership; no current investment Influenza vaccine (older adults)
COVID-19 + seasonal influenza Flublok + Nuvaxovid (COVID-19 Vaccine, Adjuvanted)3
Fluzone High-Dose + Nuvaxovid (COVID-19 Vaccine, Adjuvanted)3
Pandemic influenza Pandemic influenza vaccine with Matrix-M® adjuvant
Additional Respiratory Vaccines Licensed rights to develop additional combination vaccines using our COVID-19 vaccine
Additional Respiratory Vaccines using
our Matrix-M® adjuvant Licensed rights to develop vaccines using our Matrix-M® adjuvant
Preclinical Phase 1 Phase 2 Phase 3 Authorized Use
A
Pipeline
Partner Pipeline Using
Novavax Tech
A
Marketed Products
Early-Stage
Late-Stage (No Current Investment)
Partner Pipeline
P 1 2 3 A
P 1 2 3 A
P 1 2 3 A
P 1 2 3 A
1 2 3 A
3 A
P 1 2 3 A
3 A
Novavax Organic Pipeline

© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 12
Revenue
Framework
New Strategy Drives Revenue Growth
via Partnering and R&D Innovation
Core Spend
Profile
Focus on Lean and Efficient
Model Reduces Cost Structure
Full Value
Potential
Revenue Cost Structure
Long-term core spend profile
of $250 million R&D+SG&A,
net of partner reimbursement
Potential for Non-GAAP
profitability1,2 A as early as 2028
Revenues from existing
partner agreements plus new
business development deals
and partnerships to drive cash
flow
B
Potential for long-term value
creation by monetizing our
innovative technology
platform
C
D
R&D + SG&A, net
of reimbursement
Our Planned Path to Profitability
12

© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 13
Lean and agile operating model is
focused on targeted investments
in R&D to drive value creation
FY 2025 E FY 2026 E FY 2027 E
~$250M
~$350M
~$450M
Combined R&D and SG&A Expenses,
Net of Partner Reimbursement
Financial Guidance for R&D and SG&A expenses, net of partner
reimbursement as of November 6, 2025. We undertake no obligation
to update or revise this guidance in the future.
Expense targets established, net of
partner reimbursement to highlight
investment in Novavax programs
© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved.
Mid-point of range for each period
Reducing Operating Expenses to Enable Value Creation
13

© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 14
Building Financial Strength in 2024 - 2025
Cash flow earned in 2024 & 20251
Upfront payments $520M
Milestones $280M
Asset Sales $260M
Non-Dilutive $1,060M 78%
Financings $307M 22%
Total $1,367M
Highlights:
1. Cash flow earned in 2024 & 2025 through November 2025
and includes $200M proceeds from sale of Czech Republic
manufacturing facility.
• Non-dilutive capital as primary source of
new cash to Novavax as we monetize our
technology and sell assets linked to prior
commercial operations
• No ATM activity since Q2 2024
© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved.
2024-2025 New Cash Flow to Novavax
$1.1B
$0.3B
(Non-dilutive)
~$1.4 billion in
NVAX cash flow earned
in 2024 & 20251
Driven by
78% Non-Dilutive
Sources

© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 15
We look forward to the year ahead
where our efforts will be focused on
unlocking new opportunities to create
shareholder value and deliver lasting
impact on global health.
Thank
you!
© 2026 NOVAVAX. All rights reserved. 15