EX-99.1
10
tm2027435d1_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1

 

Exhibit 99.1

 

 

Omeros Announces Pricing of Public Offerings

--6,900,000 Shares of Common Stock--

--$210,000,000 of 5.25% Convertible
Senior Notes due 2026--

 

SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)—August 12, 2020 -- Omeros
Corporation (Nasdaq: OMER) (“Omeros”) today announced that it has priced concurrent underwritten public offerings of
6,900,000 of shares of its common stock (the “Shares”) at a public offering price of $14.50 per Share for proceeds
of approximately $100,050,000, prior to the deduction of underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses
payable by Omeros (the “Equity Offering”), and $210,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.25% convertible senior
notes due 2026 (the “2026 Convertible Notes” and such offering, the “Notes Offering”). In addition, Omeros
has granted to the underwriters of the Equity Offering a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,035,000 Shares and to
the underwriters of the Notes Offering a 30-day option, solely to cover over-allotments, to purchase up to an additional $31,500,000
aggregate principal amount of 2026 Convertible Notes. The Equity Offering and the Notes Offering are each expected to close on
August 14, 2020, subject to customary closing conditions. Neither offering is contingent on the completion of the other offering.

 

BofA Securities and JP Morgan are acting as the book-running
managers for the Equity Offering. Cantor Fitzgerald is also acting as a book-running manager, and WBB Securities is acting as co-manager,
for the Equity Offering. BofA Securities, JP Morgan and RBC Capital Markets are acting as the book-running managers for the Notes
Offering.

 

The 2026 Convertible Notes will be senior unsecured obligations
of Omeros and will bear interest at a rate of 5.25% per year, payable semi-annually in arrears. The 2026 Convertible Notes will
mature on February 15, 2026, unless earlier converted, repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms, and will be convertible,
subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, into cash, shares of Omeros’ common stock or a combination thereof as
elected by Omeros in its sole discretion.

 

The initial conversion rate for the 2026 Convertible Notes is
54.0906 shares of Omeros’ common stock per $1,000 principal amount of 2026 Convertible Notes (which is equivalent to an initial
conversion price of approximately $18.49 per share, which represents a premium of approximately 27.5% over the public offering
price of Omeros’ common stock in the Equity Offering of $14.50 per share). Omeros will have the right to redeem the 2026
Convertible Notes on or after August 15, 2023, subject to certain conditions and limitations.

 

 

 

 

The Equity Offering is expected to result in approximately $93.7
million in net proceeds to Omeros, and the Notes Offering is expected to result in approximately $203.7 million in net proceeds
to Omeros, in each case, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by Omeros,
and in each case, assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional Shares or 2026 Convertible Notes.

 

Omeros intends to use approximately $21.7 million of the net
proceeds of the Notes Offering to fund the cost of entering into capped call transactions with the option counterparties, as described
below. In addition, Omeros intends to use approximately $127.4 million of the net proceeds of the Notes Offering to repurchase
approximately $115 million aggregate principal amount of its existing 6.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (the “2023
Convertible Notes”) in privately negotiated transactions as described below, and expects to receive approximately $8.4 million
from unwinding a proportionate amount of the capped call transaction that it entered into with a financial institution (the “existing
option counterparty”) in connection with the issuance of the 2023 Convertible Notes (the “existing capped call transaction”).

 

Omeros intends to use the net proceeds from the Equity Offering
and the remainder of the net proceeds from the Notes Offering for general corporate purposes, including funding clinical trials,
pre-clinical studies, manufacturing, build-out of commercial infrastructure and other costs associated with advancing its development
programs and product candidates toward regulatory submissions and potential commercialization.

 

In connection with the pricing of the 2026 Convertible Notes,
Omeros entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain financial institutions (“option counterparties”).
The capped call transactions are intended to reduce the potential dilution with respect to Omeros’ common stock or, at its
election (subject to certain conditions), offset potential cash payments in excess of the principal amount of the converted 2026
Convertible Notes, upon conversion of the 2026 Convertible Notes, with such reduction or offset subject to a cap of $26.10, representing
a premium of 80% over the public offering price of Omeros’ common stock in the Equity Offering. If the underwriters exercise
their option to purchase additional 2026 Convertible Notes, Omeros expects to enter into additional capped call transactions with
the option counterparties.

 

Omeros has been informed that in connection with establishing
their initial hedges of the capped call transactions, the option counterparties and/or their affiliates expect to purchase shares
of Omeros’ common stock and/or enter into various derivative transactions with respect to Omeros’ common stock concurrently
with or shortly after the pricing of the 2026 Convertible Notes. This activity could increase (or reduce the size of any decrease
in) the market price of Omeros’ common stock or the 2026 Convertible Notes at that time.

 

In addition, the option counterparties and/or their
affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to Omeros’
common stock and/or purchasing or selling Omeros’ common stock or other securities of Omeros’ in secondary market
transactions prior to the maturity of the 2026 Convertible Notes (and are likely to do so on each exercise date of the capped
call transactions, which are expected to occur during the 50-trading day period beginning on the 51st scheduled trading day
prior to the maturity date of the notes, or following any termination of any portion of the capped call transactions in
connection with any repurchase, redemption or conversion of the 2026 Convertible Notes if Omeros makes the relevant election
under the capped call transactions). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of
Omeros’ common stock or the 2026 Convertible Notes, which could affect a noteholder’s ability to convert the 2026
Convertible Notes and, to the extent the activity occurs during any observation period related to a conversion of the 2026
Convertible Notes, could affect the amount and value of the consideration that a noteholder will receive upon conversion of
the 2026 Convertible Notes.

 

 

 

 

Concurrently with the Notes Offering, Omeros intends to use
approximately $127.4 million of the proceeds from the offering to repurchase approximately $115 million aggregate principal amount
of its outstanding 2023 Convertible Notes in privately negotiated transactions. Omeros expects that holders of the 2023 Convertible
Notes that sell their 2023 Convertible Notes to Omeros in any note repurchase transaction may enter into or unwind various derivatives
with respect to Omeros’ common stock and/or purchase or sell shares of Omeros’ common stock in the market to hedge
their exposure in connection with these transactions. This activity could increase (or reduce the size of any decrease in) the
market price of Omeros’ common stock or the 2026 Convertible Notes at that time and could result in a higher effective conversion
price for the 2026 Convertible Notes.

 

In connection with the repurchase of the 2023 Convertible Notes,
Omeros intends to terminate a portion of the existing capped call transaction in a notional amount corresponding to the amount
of such 2023 Convertible Notes repurchased. In connection with the partial termination of the existing capped call transaction
and the related unwinding of the existing hedge position of the existing option counterparty with respect to such transaction,
the existing option counterparty and/or its respective affiliates are expected to sell shares of Omeros’ common stock in
secondary market transactions, and/or enter into or unwind various derivative transactions with respect to Omeros’ common
stock. This activity could decrease (or reduce the size of any increase in) the market price of Omeros’ common stock or the
2026 Convertible Notes at that time.

 

The Equity Offering and the Notes Offering are being made pursuant
to Omeros’ shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-235349) including the base prospectus contained therein,
and a prospectus supplement related to the Equity Offering (together with such base prospectus, the “Equity Prospectus”)
and a prospectus supplement related to the Notes Offering (together with such base prospectus, the “Notes Prospectus”),
all of which Omeros filed or will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Before investing in the
Shares or the 2026 Convertible Notes, investors should read the Equity Prospectus and the Notes Prospectus, respectively, in each
case, including the documents incorporated by reference therein, and any free writing prospectus related to the Equity Offering
and the Notes Offering, as the case may be. These documents may be freely obtained by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.
Alternatively, copies may be obtained, when available, from BofA Securities, NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3rd floor,
Charlotte, NC 28255-0001, Attn: Prospectus Department, or via email: dg.prospectus_requests@bofa.com and J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, by telephone at (866) 803-9204, or
by e-mail at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmorgan.com.

 

 

 

 

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or
the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of Omeros. The Shares and the 2026 Convertible Notes (and any shares of Omeros’
common stock issuable upon conversion of the 2026 Convertible Notes) are not being offered in any state or jurisdiction in which
such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state
or jurisdiction.

 

About Omeros Corporation

 

Omeros is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company committed
to discovering, developing and commercializing small-molecule and protein therapeutics for large-market as well as orphan indications
targeting inflammation, complement-mediated diseases, disorders of the central nervous system and immune-related diseases, including
cancers. In addition to its commercial product OMIDRIA (phenylephrine and ketorolac intraocular solution) 1% / 0.3%, Omeros has
multiple clinical-stage development programs focused on complement-mediated disorders and substance abuse, as well as a diverse
group of preclinical programs including GPR174, a novel target in immuno-oncology that modulates a new cancer immunity axis recently
discovered by Omeros. Small-molecule inhibitors of GPR174 are part of Omeros’ proprietary G protein-coupled receptor (“GPCR”)
platform through which it controls 54 new GPCR drug targets and their corresponding compounds. The company also exclusively possesses
a novel antibody-generating platform.

 

Forward-looking Statements

 

This press release contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which
are subject to the “safe harbor” created by those sections for such statements. All statements other than
statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding
expectations with respect to granting the underwriters options to purchase additional shares or notes, completion of the
proposed offerings, the anticipated use of proceeds of the proposed offerings, any expected selling or hedging activities of
various counterparties or other market participants and the potential impact on trading in or the market price of
Omeros’ stock, constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are often indicated by terms
such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,”
“goal,” “intend,” “likely,” “may,” “plan,”
“potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “target,”
“will,” “would” and similar expressions and variations thereof. Forward-looking statements are based
on management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information available to management only as of the date of this press
release. Omeros’ actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements for
many reasons, including, without limitation, risks associated with product commercialization and commercial operations,
unproven preclinical and clinical development activities, regulatory oversight, intellectual property claims, competitive
developments, litigation, and the risks, uncertainties and other factors described under the heading “Risk
Factors” in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2020, as supplemented by the
company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, which was filed with the SEC on August 10,
2020, and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and the company assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking
statements, even if new information becomes available in the future.