8-K

false 0001770121 0001770121 2025-08-06 2025-08-06

 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

 

 

FORM 8-K

 

 

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): August 6, 2025

 

 

SANA BIOTECHNOLOGY, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 

 

 

Delaware

 

001-39941

 

83-1381173

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation)

 

(Commission

File Number)

 

(IRS Employer

Identification Number)

188 East Blaine Street, Suite 400

Seattle, Washington 98102

(Address of principal executive offices, including Zip Code)

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (206) 701-7914

 

 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 

☐

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 

☐

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

 

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 

Title of each class

 

Trading

Symbol(s)

 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

 

SANA

 

The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☒

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

 

 

 

Item 1.01

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On August 6, 2025, Sana Biotechnology, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into an underwriting agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”) with Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, and BofA Securities, Inc., as representatives (the “Representatives”) of the several underwriters named therein (collectively, the “Underwriters”), relating to the issuance and sale in a public offering (the “Offering”) of 20,895,522 shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, at a price to the public of $3.35 per share (the “Underwritten Shares”), and pre-funded warrants (the “Pre-Funded Warrants”) to purchase 1,492,537 shares of the Company’s common stock at a price to the public of $3.3499 per underlying share. Under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Underwriters have agreed to purchase the Underwritten Shares from the Company at a price of $3.149 per share and the Pre-Funded Warrants at a price of $3.1489 per underlying share. In addition, the Company has granted the Underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days from the date of the Underwriting Agreement, to purchase up to an additional 3,358,208 shares of common stock (together with the Underwritten Shares, the “Shares”) at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. All of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants in the Offering are being sold by the Company.

The net proceeds to the Company from the Offering are expected to be approximately $70.0 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company and assuming no exercise of the Underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares. The Offering is expected to close on August 8, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and the Underwriters, including for liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, other obligations of the parties and termination provisions. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Underwriting Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by such parties.

The Offering is being made pursuant to the Company’s effective registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-277584) (the “Registration Statement”) and a related prospectus and prospectus supplement, in each case filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).

Each Pre-Funded Warrant will have an exercise price per share of common stock equal to $0.0001 per share. The exercise price and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of each Pre-Funded Warrant are subject to appropriate adjustments in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the common stock. The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable from the date of issuance and do not expire. Each Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable, in the holder’s discretion, by (i) payment in full in immediately available funds for the number of shares of common stock purchased upon exercise, or (ii) a cashless exercise, in which case the holder would receive upon such exercise the net number of shares of common stock determined according to the formula set forth in the Pre-Funded Warrant. Under the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Company may not effect the exercise of any Pre-Funded Warrants, and a holder will not be entitled to exercise any portion of any Pre-Funded Warrant that, upon giving effect to such exercise, would result in: (i) the aggregate number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by such holder (together with its affiliates) exceeding 4.99% of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise; or (ii) the combined voting power of the Company’s securities beneficially owned by such holder (together with its affiliates) exceeding 4.99% of the combined voting power of all of the Company’s securities outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which percentage may be changed at the holder’s election to a higher or lower percentage not in excess of 19.99% upon at least 61 days’ notice to the Company.

In the event of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants), a holder of Pre-Funded Warrants will be entitled to receive, upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that such holder would have received had they exercised the Pre-Funded Warrants immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction without regard to any limitations on exercise contained in the Pre-Funded Warrants.

The foregoing descriptions of the terms of the Underwriting Agreement and the Pre-Funded Warrants do not purport to be complete and are each qualified in their entirety by reference to the Underwriting Agreement and the form of Pre-Funded Warrant, respectively, which are filed as Exhibit 1.1 and Exhibit 4.1 hereto and are incorporated herein by reference.

A copy of the opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C. relating to the validity of the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the shares underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants is filed as Exhibit 5.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement.

Item 8.01

Other Events.

A copy of the press release announcing the pricing of the Offering is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements, including statements about the Company’s expectations regarding the expected net proceeds from the Offering and the expected closing date of the Offering. These forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s views regarding current expectations and projections about future events and conditions and are based on currently available information. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including uncertainties related to market conditions and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the Offering, and the Risk Factors identified in the Company’s filings with the SEC, including the Company’s Annual Report on 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2025; therefore, the Company’s actual results could differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecast in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and expectations and similar expressions, including “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “aims,” “seeks,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “targets,” and “continue,” reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Unless required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. However, readers should carefully review the reports and documents the Company files or furnishes from time to time with the SEC, particularly its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K.

 

Item 9.01

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

See the Exhibit Index below, which is incorporated by reference herein.

EXHIBIT INDEX

 

Exhibit

No.

  

Description

 1.1

  

Underwriting Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2025, by and among Sana Biotechnology, Inc. and the Representatives.

 4.1

  

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant.

 5.1

  

Opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C.

23.1

  

Consent of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C. (included in Exhibit 5.1).

99.1

  

Press Release dated August 6, 2025.

104

  

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

 

 

 

Sana Biotechnology, Inc.

Date: August 7, 2025

 

 

By:

 

/s/ Bernard J. Cassidy

 

 

 

 

 

 

Bernard J. Cassidy

 

 

 

 

 

 

Executive Vice President and General Counsel