EX-99.2
5
d463641dex992.htm
EX-99.2

EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2

BridgeBio Pharma Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Common Stock

PALO ALTO, CA – March 8, 2023 — BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (Nasdaq: BBIO) (“BridgeBio”), a
commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on genetic diseases and cancers, today announced the pricing on March 7, 2023 of an underwritten public offering of 8,823,530 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $17.00 per
share, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions. In addition, BridgeBio has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,323,529 shares of its common stock on the
same terms and conditions. The gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, are expected to be approximately $150 million, excluding any exercise of the underwriters’
option to purchase additional shares. All of the shares in the offering to be sold by BridgeBio.

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Evercore ISI, Morgan
Stanley and KKR Capital Markets LLC are acting as book-running managers for the offering. The offering is expected to close on or about March 10, 2023, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The shares of common stock are being offered by BridgeBio pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form
S-3ASR (File No. 333-239734) that was previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on July 7, 2020 and automatically became
effective upon filing. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to and describing the terms of the offering was filed with the SEC on March 6, 2023. The final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus
relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC and may be obtained, when available, from Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, by mail at 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282, Attention: Prospectus Department, by telephone at (866) 471-2526, or by email at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com; Evercore Group L.L.C., Attention: Equity Capital Markets, 55 East 52nd Street, 35th Floor, New York, New York 10055, by
telephone at (888) 474-0200, or by email at ecm.prospectus@evercore.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, by mail at 1585 Broadway, New York, New York 10036, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick
Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014; KKR Capital Markets LLC, by mail at 30 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001 or by telephone at (212) 750-8300; or by accessing the SEC’s website at
www.sec.gov.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any
sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About BridgeBio

BridgeBio is a commercial-stage
biopharmaceutical company founded to discover, create, test and deliver transformative medicines to treat patients who suffer from genetic diseases and cancers with clear genetic drivers. BridgeBio’s pipeline of development programs ranges from
early science to advanced clinical trials. BridgeBio was founded in 2015 and its team of experienced drug discoverers, developers and innovators are committed to applying advances in genetic medicine to help patients as quickly as possible.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, including,
without limitation, statements regarding BridgeBio’s anticipated public offering. The words “may,” “might,” “will,” “could,” “would,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,”
“anticipate,” “intend,” “believe,” “expect,” “estimate,” “seek,” “predict,” “future,” “project,” “potential,” “continue,”
“target” and similar words or expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words.

Any forward-looking statements in this press release, such as the intended offering terms, are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and
are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and important factors that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements contained in this press release, including, without
limitation, uncertainties related to market conditions, statements about the expected gross proceeds from the offering, and the completion of the offering on the anticipated terms or at all. These and other risks and uncertainties are described in
greater detail in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in BridgeBio’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as well as discussions of potential risks,
uncertainties, and other important factors in BridgeBio’s other filings with the SEC, including those contained or incorporated by reference in the preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus related to the public offering
filed with the SEC. In addition, any forward-looking statements contained in this press release represent the BridgeBio’s views only as of the date hereof and should not be relied upon as representing its views as of any subsequent date.
BridgeBio explicitly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. No representations or warranties (expressed or implied) are made about the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements.

BridgeBio Contact:

Vikram Bali

contact@bridgebio.com

(650)
789-8220