8-K
1
d84765d8k.htm
8-K

8-K

 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

 

 

FORM 8-K

 

 

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): October 5, 2020

 

 

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 

 

Delaware

 

001—38959

 

84—1850815

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation)

 

(Commission

File Number)

 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

 

421 Kipling Street

Palo Alto, CA

 

94301

(Address of principal executive offices)

 

(Zip Code)

(650) 391-9740

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

 

 

Check the appropriate box below
if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

 

☒

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 

☐

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14a-12)

 

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 

Title of each class

 

Trading

Symbol(s)

 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock

 

BBIO

 

The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act
of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company  ☒

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act.  ☐

 

 

 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On October 5, 2020, BridgeBio Pharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and Eidos Therapeutic, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(“Eidos”), issued a joint press release announcing the execution of an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 5, 2020, by and among the Company, Eidos, Globe Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and an indirect
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Globe Merger Sub II, Inc., a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Merger Agreement”), providing for the acquisition of Eidos by the Company. A
copy of the press release announcing the execution of the Merger Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. In addition, the Company provided supplemental information regarding the proposed transaction in
connection with presentations to analysts and investors. A copy of the investor presentation is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2.

Item 9.01.
Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

 

Exhibit

Number

  

Description

99.1

  

Joint Press Release, dated October 5, 2020

99.2

  

Investor Presentation, dated October 5, 2020

Forward-Looking Statements

This communication contains forward-looking statements relating to the proposed transaction involving the Company and Eidos, including financial estimates and
statements as to the expected timing, completion and effects of the proposed transaction. Statements in this communication that are not statements of historical fact are considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), which are usually identified by the use of words such as
“anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “projects,” “seeks,” “should,” “will,” and variations of such
words or similar expressions. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act and
are making this statement for purposes of complying with those safe harbor provisions. These forward-looking statements are neither forecasts, promises nor guarantees, and are based on the beliefs of the Company’s management and Eidos’
management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the Company and Eidos. Such statements reflect the current views of the Company and Eidos with respect to future events and are subject to known and unknown risks,
including business, regulatory, economic and competitive risks, uncertainties, contingencies and assumptions about the Company and Eidos, including, without limitation, (i) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could
give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement, (ii) the risk that the Company’s and/or Eidos’ stockholders may not approve the proposed transaction, (iii) inability to complete the proposed transaction because, among other
reasons, conditions to the closing of the proposed transaction may not be satisfied or waived, (iv) uncertainty as to the timing of completion of the proposed transaction, (v) potential adverse effects or changes to relationships with
customers, employees, suppliers or other parties resulting from the announcement or completion of the proposed transaction, (vi) potential litigation relating to the proposed transaction that could be instituted against the Company, Eidos or
their respective directors and officers, including the effects of any outcomes related thereto, (vii) possible disruptions from the proposed transaction that could harm the Company’s or Eidos’ business, including current plans and
operations, (viii) unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from the proposed transaction, (ix) uncertainty of the expected financial performance of each of the Company and Eidos following completion of the proposed transaction,
(x) the ability of the Company and/or Eidos to implement their respective business strategies, (xi) the ability of each of the Company or Eidos to continue its planned preclinical and clinical development of its respective development
programs, and the timing and success of any such continued preclinical and clinical development and planned regulatory submissions, (xii) the potential therapeutic and clinical benefits of acoramidis, (xiii) inability to retain and hire
key personnel and (xiv) the unknown future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic delay on certain clinical trial milestones and/or the Company’s or Eidos’ operations or operating expenses.
Although the Company and Eidos believe that the Company’s and Eidos’ plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects as reflected in or suggested by these forward-looking statements are reasonable, neither the Company nor Eidos
can give any assurance that the plans, intentions, expectations or strategies will be attained or achieved. Furthermore,

 

2

actual results may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements and will be affected by a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, without
limitation, those risks and uncertainties described under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Company’s and Eidos’ most recent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Reports on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and in subsequent filings made by the Company and Eidos with the SEC, which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
Moreover, the Company and Eidos operate in very competitive and rapidly changing environments in which new risks emerge from time to time. These forward-looking statements are based upon the current expectations and beliefs of the Company’s
management and Eidos’ management as of the date of this communication and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Except as
required by law, each of the Company and Eidos disclaims any intention or responsibility for updating or revising any forward-looking statements contained in this communication in the event of new information, future developments or otherwise.

Additional Information and Where to Find It

This
communication is being made in respect of the proposed transaction involving the Company and Eidos. The Company intends to file a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC, which will include a joint
proxy statement of the Company and Eidos, and each party will file other documents regarding the proposed transaction with the SEC. Any definitive proxy statement(s) / prospectus(es) (if and when available) will also be sent to the stockholders of
the Company and Eidos, when seeking any required stockholder approval. This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval. BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING
OR INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO CAREFULLY READ THE ENTIRE REGISTRATION STATEMENT(S) AND PROXY STATEMENT(S) / PROSPECTUS(ES), WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL
AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. The documents filed by the Company and Eidos with the SEC may be obtained free of
charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, the documents filed by the Company may be obtained free of charge from the Company at www.investor.bridgebio.com, under the tab “Financials & Filings,” and the
documents filed by Eidos may be obtained free of charge from Eidos at www.Eidostx.com, under the tab “Investors.” Alternatively, these documents, when available, can be obtained free of charge from the Company upon written request to the
Company at 421 Kipling Street, Palo Alto, CA 94301, Attn: Grace Rauh, or by calling 917-232-5478, or from Eidos upon written request to Eidos at 101 Montgomery Street, Suite 2000, San Francisco, CA 94104, Attn: John Grimaldi, Burns McClellan, or by
calling 212-213-0006.

Participants in the Solicitation

The Company, Eidos and certain of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from
stockholders of Eidos in connection with the proposed transaction under the rules of the SEC. Investors may obtain information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of directors and executive officers of the Company in the Company’s
proxy statement for its 2020 annual meeting of stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 22, 2020, as well as its other filings with the SEC. Investors may obtain information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of
Eidos’ directors and executive officers in Eidos’ proxy statement for its 2020 annual meeting of stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 24, 2020, as well as its other filings with the SEC. Other information regarding the
participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be included in the joint proxy statement / prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC
regarding the proposed transaction (if and when they become available). You may obtain free copies of these documents at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Copies of documents filed with the SEC by the Company and Eidos will also be available
free of charge from the Company or Eidos, as applicable, using the contact information above.

No Offer or Solicitation

This material is not intended to and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, sell or solicit any securities or any proxy,
vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offer of
securities shall be deemed to be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act.

 

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

 

 

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

Date: October 5, 2020

 

 

/s/ Brian C. Stephenson

 

Brian C. Stephenson

 

Chief Financial Officer