8-K
1
d901634d8k.htm
8-K

8-K

 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

 

 

FORM 8-K

 

 

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 9, 2020 (March 4, 2020)

 

 

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 

 

 

Delaware

 

001-38959

 

84-1850815

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation)

 

(Commission

File Number)

 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

421 Kipling Street

Palo Alto, CA

 

94301

(Address of principal executive offices)

 

(Zip Code)

(650) 391-9740

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

 

 

Check the appropriate box below
if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

 

 

☐

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 

 

☐

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14a-12)

 

 

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 

 

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 

Title of

each class

 

Trading

Symbol(s)

 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock

 

BBIO

 

The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of
1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company  ☒

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act.  ☐

 

 

 

Item 1.01.

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Indenture and Notes

On March 9, 2020,
BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (“BridgeBio”) issued an aggregate of $550.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the “Notes”), pursuant to an Indenture dated March 9, 2020 (the
“Indenture”), between BridgeBio and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers (the “Note Offering”) pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Notes issued in the Note Offering include $75.0 aggregate principal amount of Notes sold to the initial purchasers in (the “Initial Purchasers”) pursuant to the exercise in full
of the Initial Purchasers’ option to purchase additional Notes.

The Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of BridgeBio and will accrue interest
payable semiannually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2020, at a rate of 2.50 % per year. The Notes will mature on March 15, 2027, unless earlier converted or repurchased. The
Notes are convertible into cash, shares of BridgeBio’s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of BridgeBio’s common stock, at BridgeBio’s election.

The net proceeds BridgeBio received from the Note Offering are equal to approximately $537.0 million, after deducting the Initial Purchasers’
discount and estimated offering expenses payable by BridgeBio. BridgeBio used approximately $49.3 million of the net proceeds from the Note Offering to pay the cost of the Capped Call Transactions described below, and approximately
$75.0 million to pay the cost of Repurchases of shares of its common stock described below. BridgeBio intends to use the remainder of the net proceeds from the Note Offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including
for its commercial organization and launch preparations. BridgeBio may also use any remaining net proceeds to fund possible acquisitions of, or investments in, complementary businesses, products, services and technologies. BridgeBio has not entered
into any agreements or commitments with respect to any material acquisitions or investments at this time.

A holder of Notes may convert all or any
portion of its Notes at its option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding December 15, 2026 only under the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar
quarter ending on June 30, 2020 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of BridgeBio’s common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days
ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any five
consecutive trading day period (the “measurement period”) in which the “trading price” (as defined in the Indenture) per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the
product of the last reported sale price of BridgeBio’s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; or (3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after December 15, 2026 until the close of business
on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, a holder may convert all or any portion of its Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing.

The conversion rate will initially be 23.4151 shares of BridgeBio’s common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (equivalent to an initial
conversion price of approximately $42.71 per share of BridgeBio’s common stock). The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, following certain corporate
events that occur prior to the maturity date, BridgeBio will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its Notes in connection with such a corporate event.

BridgeBio may not redeem the Notes prior to the maturity date, and no sinking fund is provided for the Notes.

If BridgeBio undergoes a fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture), holders may require BridgeBio to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their
Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date.

The Indenture contains customary terms and covenants, including that upon certain events of default
occurring and continuing, either the Trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may declare the entire principal amount of all the Notes plus accrued special interest, if any, to be
immediately due and payable.

The Notes are BridgeBio’s general unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to all of BridgeBio’s
indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; equal in right of payment with all of BridgeBio’s liabilities that are not so subordinated; effectively junior to any of BridgeBio’s secured indebtedness to the
extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of BridgeBio’s subsidiaries.

A copy of the Indenture and form of Note are filed as Exhibit 4.1 and Exhibit 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form
8-K and are incorporated by reference herein. The foregoing description of the Indenture and Notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibits.

Capped Call Transactions

On March 4, 2020,
concurrently with the pricing of the Notes, BridgeBio entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the “Base Capped Call Transactions”) with certain financial institutions (the “Option Counterparties”). In
addition, in connection with Initial Purchasers’ exercise in full of their option to purchase additional Notes, on March 5, 2020, the Company entered into additional capped call transactions (the “Additional Capped Call
Transactions,” and, together with the Base Capped Call Transactions, the “Capped Call Transactions”) with each of the Option Counterparties. BridgeBio used approximately $49.3 million of the net proceeds from the Note Offering to
pay the cost of the Capped Call Transactions. The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to BridgeBio’s common stock upon any conversion of Notes and/or offset any cash payments BridgeBio is required to
make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap initially equal to $62.12 (which represents a premium of 100% over the last reported sale price of BridgeBio’s
common stock on March 4, 2020). The Capped Call Transactions are separate transactions, entered into by BridgeBio with the Option Counterparties, and are not part of the terms of the Notes.

A copy of the form of confirmation for the Capped Call Transactions is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form
8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. The foregoing description of the terms of the Capped Call Transaction does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit.

 

Item 2.03.

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information provided in Item 1.01 of this Report is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item
2.03.

 

Item 3.02.

Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities.

The information provided in Item 1.01 of this Report is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

BridgeBio’s offering of the Notes to the Initial Purchasers was made in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act. BridgeBio relied on this exemption from registration based in part on representations made by the Initial Purchasers in the purchase agreement for the Notes, including that the Initial Purchasers would only offer, sell or deliver
the Notes to persons whom they believed to be qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

The Notes and
BridgeBio’s common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes, if any, have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or applicable exemption from registration
requirements.

Item 8.01

Other Events.

Share Repurchases

BridgeBio used approximately
$75.0 million of the net proceeds from the Note Offering to repurchase shares of its common stock concurrently with the closing of the Note Offering from certain of the Initial Purchasers in privately negotiated transactions effected through
one of the Initial Purchasers or an affiliate thereof concurrently with the pricing of the Notes (the “Repurchases”). The agreed to purchase price per share of common stock in the Repurchases is equal to $31.06, which was the last reported
sale price per share of BridgeBio’s common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on March 4, 2020. The Repurchases could have increased (or reduced the size of any decrease in) the market price of BridgeBio’s common stock or the
Notes.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current
Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”). Forward-looking statements are usually identified by the use of words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,”
“projects,” “seeks,” “should,” “will,” and variations of such words or similar expressions. BridgeBio intends these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking
statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act and are making this statement for purposes of complying with those safe harbor provisions. These forward-looking statements, including statements
relating to the anticipated use of the net proceeds of the Note Offering and BridgeBio’s expectations regarding the effect of the Repurchases and the Capped Call Transactions, reflect BridgeBio’s current views about its plans, intentions,
expectations, strategies and prospects, which are based on the information currently available to BridgeBio and on assumptions it has made. Although BridgeBio believes that its plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects as reflected
in or suggested by those forward-looking statements are reasonable, BridgeBio can give no assurance that the plans, intentions, expectations or strategies will be attained or achieved. Furthermore, actual results may differ materially from those
described in the forward-looking statements and will be affected by a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, those risks set forth in the Risk Factors section of BridgeBio’s most recent Annual Report on
Form 10-K and its other SEC filings. Moreover, BridgeBio operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment in which new risks emerge from time to time. These forward-looking statements are based
upon the current expectations and beliefs of BridgeBio’s management as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, BridgeBio assumes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise.

 

Item 9.01.

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

 

Exhibit
Number

  

Description of
Exhibit

4.1

  

Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2020, by and between BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee.

4.2

  

Form of Global Note, representing BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.’s 2.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1).

10.1

  

Form of Confirmation for Capped Call Transactions.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

 

 

 

    

 

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

Date: March 9, 2020

 

 

 

/s/ Brian C. Stephenson

 

 

 

Brian C. Stephenson

Chief Financial
Officer