8-K
1
d879084d8k.htm
8-K

8-K

 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

 

 

FORM 8-K

 

 

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 24, 2020

 

 

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 

 

 

Delaware

 

001-38959

 

84-1850815

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation)

 

(Commission

File Number)

 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

421 Kipling Street

Palo Alto, CA

 

94301

(Address of principal executive offices)

 

(Zip Code)

(650) 391-9740

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

 

 

Check the appropriate box below
if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

 

 

☐

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 

 

☐

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14a-12)

 

 

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 

 

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 

Title of

each class

 

Trading

Symbol(s)

 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock

 

BBIO

 

The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act
of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company  ☒

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act.  ☐

 

 

 

Item 8.01

Other Events.

In light of recent developments relating to the coronavirus (COVID-19) global pandemic, the focus of healthcare
providers and hospitals on fighting the virus, and consistent with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s updated industry guidance for conducting clinical trials issued on March 18, 2020, we are experiencing delays in or temporary
suspension of the enrollment of patients in our subsidiaries’ ongoing clinical trials. We additionally expect to experience delays in certain ongoing key program activities, including commencement of planned clinical trials, as well as non-clinical experiments and investigational new drug application-enabling good laboratory practice toxicology studies. The exact timing of delays and overall impact is currently unknown, and we are monitoring the COVID-19 outbreak as it continues to rapidly evolve.

Supplemental Risk Factor

In light of recent developments relating to the COVID-19 global pandemic, BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (the
“Company”) is supplementing the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A. of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on March 3, 2020, to include the following risk factor under the heading “Risks Related to our Business and the Clinical Development, Regulatory Review and Approval of our Product Candidates”:

The outbreak of the novel strain of coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, which
causes COVID-19, could adversely impact our business, including our preclinical studies and clinical trials.

Public health crises such as pandemics or similar outbreaks could adversely impact our business. In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, which causes coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), surfaced in Wuhan, China. Since then,
COVID-19 has spread to multiple countries, including the United States. In response to the spread of COVID-19, we have closed our executive offices with our
administrative employees continuing their work outside of our offices, restricted on-site staff to only those required to execute their job responsibilities and limited the number of staff in any given
research and development laboratory.

As a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, or similar pandemics, we have and may
in the future experience disruptions that could severely impact our business, preclinical studies and clinical trials, including:

 

 

•

 

delays or difficulties in enrolling patients in our clinical trials;

 

 

•

 

delays or difficulties in clinical site initiation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site
investigators and clinical site staff;

 

 

•

 

delays or disruptions in non-clinical experiments and investigational new
drug application-enabling good laboratory practice standard toxicology studies due to unforeseen circumstances at contract research organizations and vendors along their supply chain;

 

 

•

 

increased rates of patients withdrawing from our clinical trials following enrollment as a result of contracting COVID-19, being forced to quarantine, or not accepting home health visits;

 

 

•

 

diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, including the diversion of hospitals
serving as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of our clinical trials;

 

 

•

 

interruption of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site data monitoring, due to limitations on
travel imposed or recommended by federal or state governments, employers and others or interruption of clinical trial subject visits and study procedures (particularly any procedures that may be deemed
non-essential), which may impact the integrity of subject data and clinical study endpoints;

 

 

•

 

interruption or delays in the operations of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and comparable foreign
regulatory agencies, which may impact approval timelines;

 

 

•

 

interruption of, or delays in receiving, supplies of our product candidates from our contract manufacturing
organizations due to staffing shortages, production slowdowns or stoppages and disruptions in delivery systems; and

 

•

 

limitations on employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our preclinical studies and
clinical trials, including because of sickness of employees or their families, the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people, an increased reliance on working from home or mass transit disruptions.

These and other factors arising from the COVID-19 pandemic could worsen in countries that are already afflicted
with COVID-19, could continue to spread to additional countries, or could return to countries where the pandemic has been partially contained, each of which could further adversely impact our ability to
conduct clinical trials and our business generally, and could have a material adverse impact on our operations and financial condition and results.

In
addition, the trading prices for our common stock and other biopharmaceutical companies have been highly volatile as a result of the COVID-19 epidemic. As a result, we may face difficulties raising capital
through sales of our common stock or such sales may be on unfavorable terms. The COVID-19 outbreak continues to rapidly evolve. The extent to which the outbreak may impact our business, preclinical studies and
clinical trials will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the ultimate geographic spread of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, travel restrictions and actions to contain
the outbreak or treat its impact, such as social distancing and quarantines or lock-downs in the United States and other countries, business closures or business disruptions and the effectiveness of actions taken in the United States and other
countries to contain and treat the disease.

Please also refer to the complete Item 1A of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2020 for additional risks and uncertainties facing the Company that may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business
prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Forward-looking statements are usually identified by the use of words such as “anticipates,” “believes,”
“estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “projects,” “seeks,” “should,” “will,” and variations of such words or similar expressions. BridgeBio
intends these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act and are making this statement for
purposes of complying with those safe harbor provisions. These forward-looking statements, including statements regarding the timing of enrollment in its clinical trials, delays in the commencement of its planned clinical trials, non-clinical experiments and investigational new drug application-enabling good laboratory practice toxicology studies, its development strategy for its product candidates, the timing, progress and results of
clinical trials, preclinical studies and other research and development activities and the potential utility of its product candidates, and the impact of COVID-19 on its preclinical studies, clinical trials,
business, financial condition and results of operations, reflect BridgeBio’s current views about its plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects, which are based on the information currently available to BridgeBio and on
assumptions it has made. Although BridgeBio believes that its plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects as reflected in or suggested by those forward-looking statements are reasonable, BridgeBio can give no assurance that the plans,
intentions, expectations or strategies will be attained or achieved. Furthermore, actual results may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements and will be affected by a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions,
including, but not limited to, those risks set forth in the Risk Factors section of BridgeBio’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and its other Securities and Exchange filings. Moreover, BridgeBio
operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment in which new risks emerge from time to time. These forward-looking statements are based upon the current expectations and beliefs of BridgeBio’s management as of the date of this
Current Report on Form 8-K, and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by
applicable law, BridgeBio assumes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

 

 

 

 

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

Date: March 24, 2020

 

 

 

/s/ Brian C. Stephenson

 

 

 

Brian C. Stephenson

Chief Financial
Officer