8-K

false000174388100017438812023-09-252023-09-25

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

 

FORM 8-K

 

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): September 25, 2023

 

 

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

 

 

Delaware

001-38959

84-1850815

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation)

(Commission File Number)

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

 

 

 

 

 

3160 Porter Dr., Suite 250

 

Palo Alto, CA

 

94304

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

 

(Zip Code)

 

Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (650) 391-9740

 

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 

☐

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 

 

☐

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

 

 

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 

 

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

 

Trading

Symbol(s)

 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

 

BBIO

 

The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

 

 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Securities Purchase Agreement

On September 25, 2023, BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (the “Company”) and certain accredited investors (each an “Investor” and collectively, the “Investors”) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell and issue to the Investors in a private placement (the “Private Placement”) an aggregate of 9,167,723 shares (the “Shares”) of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Common Stock”), at a purchase price of $27.27 per share. The Private Placement was led by Qatar Investment Authority (QIA), with significant participation from four of the largest investment management firms in the United States, as well as a number of large institutional investors and existing investors.

The Private Placement is anticipated to close on September 27, 2023, subject to customary closing conditions. The Company anticipates receiving gross proceeds from the Private Placement of approximately $250 million, before deducting offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company expects to use the proceeds from the Private Placement for general corporate purposes, including ongoing research and development activities and growth of commercial and medical affairs capabilities, as well as working capital. Additionally, the Company may also use the proceeds to fund potential acquisitions of, or investments in, complementary businesses, products, services and technologies.

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company, other obligations of the parties and termination provisions.

The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Purchase Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

Registration Rights

In connection with the Private Placement, the Company and the Investors entered into a Registration Rights Agreement dated September 25, 2023 (the “Registration Rights Agreement”), providing for the registration for resale of the Shares that are not then registered on an effective registration statement, pursuant to a registration statement (the “Registration Statement”) to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Company has agreed to use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be declared effective as soon as possible, but in no event later than 40 days following the date of the Registration Rights Agreement (or 90 days in the event of a full review of the Registration Statement by the SEC) (the “Effectiveness Date”), and to keep the Registration Statement continuously effective for a period that extends from the first date on which the SEC issues an order of effectiveness in relation to the Registration Statement until the earliest of such date that all registrable securities (as such term is defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) covered by the Registration Statement have been sold thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144 or may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144, or the date that is three years from the effectiveness of the Registration Statement.

The Company has granted the Investors customary indemnification rights in connection with the Registration Statement. The Investors have also granted the Company customary indemnification rights in connection with the Registration Statement.

The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Shares of Equity Securities

The information contained above in Item 1.01 relating to the Private Placement is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. Based in part upon the representations of the Investors in the Purchase Agreement, the offering and sale of the Shares was made in reliance on the exemption afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, and corresponding provisions of state securities or “blue sky” laws. The Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. The sale of the Shares did not involve a public offering and was made without general solicitation or general advertising. The Investors represented that they are accredited investors, as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act, and that they are acquiring the Shares for investment purposes only and not with a view to any resale, distribution or other disposition of the Shares in violation of the U.S. federal securities laws.

Neither this Current Report on Form 8-K nor any exhibit attached hereto is an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure

On September 25, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing the Private Placement. The press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference.

The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K and certain of the materials furnished or filed herewith contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, including, without limitation, statements regarding the Private Placement. The words “may,” “might,” “will,” “could,” “would,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “believe,” “expect,” “estimate,” “seek,” “predict,” “future,” “project,” “potential,” “continue,” “target” and similar words or expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements, such as those related to the anticipated closing of the Private Placement and the Company’s anticipated use of the proceeds from the Private Placement, are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and important factors that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K or the materials furnished or filed herewith, including, without limitation, uncertainties related to market conditions and the completion of the Private Placement on the anticipated terms or at all. These and other risks and uncertainties are described in greater detail in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as well as any subsequent filings with the SEC. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent the Company’s views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing its views as of any subsequent date. The Company explicitly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. No representations or warranties (expressed or implied) are made about the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements.

Item 9.01. Exhibits

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

 

Description

 

 

10.1*

 

Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 25, 2023, by and among BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. and the purchasers party thereto

 

 

 

10.2*†

 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 25, 2023, by and among BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. and the purchasers party thereto

 

 

 

99.1

 

Press release dated September 25, 2023, furnished herewith

 

 

104

 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

 

*

Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request.

†

Certain confidential portions (indicated by brackets and asterisks) have been omitted from this exhibit in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission because such information (i) is not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential.

 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

 

 

 

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

 

 

 

 

Date:

September 25, 2023

By:

/s/ Brian C. Stephenson

 

 

 

Brian C. Stephenson

Chief Financial Officer