EX-99.2
3
ef20041481_ex99-2.htm
EXHIBIT 99.2

Exhibit 99.2

 J.P. Morgan Presentation  January 13, 2025 

 

 Forward Looking Statements and Disclaimer  The presentation contains
forward-looking statements. Statements made or presented may include statements that are not historical facts and are considered forward-looking within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “expect,” “intend,” “will,” “may,” “goal,” “potential,” “should,” “could,” “aim,” “estimate,” “predict,” “continue” and similar expressions or the
negative of these terms or other comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements, though not all forward-looking statements necessarily contain these identifying words. We intend these forward-looking statements to
be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements, including express and implied statements relating to
the commercial success of Attruby, the timing of ongoing clinical trials, including BridgeBio Oncology Therapeutics’ and Gondola Bio’s clinical trials, the clinical, therapeutic and market potential of our clinical development programs and
our pipeline, BridgeBio Oncology Therapeutics’ pipeline and Gondola Bio’s pipeline, our speed of creating new and meaningful drugs and related impact on patients, the efficiency of our engine to rapidly and efficiently deliver medicines, our
value creation potential for patients, the potential market sizes and opportunities, the safety, efficacy and mechanisms of our newly FDA-approved Attruby (acoramidis) and other later-stage products including infigratinib, BBP-418 and
encaleret, the timing of approval of Attruby for ATTR-CM in the European Union and Japan, our financial position, including our expectations regarding reaching regulatory milestones and the receipt of milestone payments, the potency and
safety of our product candidates, the potential benefits of our product candidates, the potential for greater patient access to medications, the affordability and availability of insurance coverage of our medications, and the timing and
expectations regarding results of our various clinical trials, reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations and strategies, which are based on the information currently available to us and on assumptions we have made.
Such statements reflect the current views of the Company with respect to future events and are subject to known and unknown risks, including business, regulatory, economic and competitive risks, uncertainties, contingencies and assumptions
about the Company, including, without limitation, risks inherent in developing therapeutic products, and those risks and uncertainties described under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Company’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and in subsequent filings made by the Company with the SEC, which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In light of these risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond
the Company’s control, the events or circumstances referred to in the forward-looking statements, express or implied, may not occur. The actual results may vary from the anticipated results and the variations may be material. You are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak to the Company’s current beliefs and expectations only as of the date of the presentation. Except as required by law, the Company disclaims any intention
or responsibility for updating or revising any forward-looking statements made or presented at the presentation in the event of new information, future developments or otherwise. No representation is made as to the safety or effectiveness of
the product candidates for the therapeutic use for which such product candidates are being studied.   Certain information communicated at the presentation may relate to or is based on studies, publications, surveys and other data obtained
from third-party sources and the Company’s own internal estimates and research. While the Company believes these third-party sources to be reliable as of the date of the presentation, it has not independently verified, and makes no
representation as to the adequacy, fairness, accuracy or completeness of, any information obtained from third-party sources. In addition, certain information to be communicated at the presentation involves a number of assumptions and
limitations, and there can be no guarantee as to the accuracy or reliability of such assumptions. Finally, such research has not been verified by any independent source.   Such information is provided as of the date of the presentation and is
subject to change without notice. The Company has not verified, and will not verify, any part of this presentation, and the Company makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information
to be communicated at the presentation or as to the existence, substance or materiality of any information omitted from the presentation at the presentation. The Company disclaims any and all liability for any loss or damage (whether
foreseeable or not) suffered or incurred by any person or entity as a result of anything contained or omitted from this document or the related presentation and such liability is expressly disclaimed. 

 

 Key recent achievements: clinical impact 

 

 Key recent achievements: 3 fully enrolled Phase 3 trials  Trial enrolled 112
patients to evaluate BBP-418   in Limb-Girdle Muscular Dystrophy 2I/R9   Trial enrolled 70 participants to evaluate encaleret in Autosomal Dominant Hypocalcemia Type 1  Trial enrolled 114 participants to evaluate infigratinib in
Achondroplasia  NEW INFORMATION 

 

 Key recent achievements: regulatory advancement for late-stage
programs  Receives Breakthrough Designation (BTD) for Achondroplasia  Receives Rare Pediatric Disease Designation (RPDD) for Limb-Girdle Muscular Dystrophy 2I/R9  Receives Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy Designation (RMAT) for Canavan
Disease  Infigratinib   BBP-418  BBP-812 

 

 Key recent achievement: Attruby regulatory approval  Indicated for the treatment
of adult patients with ATTR-CM to reduce cardiovascular death and cardiovascular-related hospitalization 

 

 Remarkable commercial momentum  430  Attruby Scripts  NEW INFORMATION 

 

 BridgeBio’s growth is underpinned by an innovative corporate model, as
highlighted in a recent publication  Applications of Portfolio Theory to Accelerating Biomedical Innovation  Neil Kumar, Andrew W. Lo, Chinmay Shukla,and Brian Stephenson  Operational nimbleness  Centralized infrastructure for functions with
economies of scale   Hyper-focused and agile decision making  Creative financing toolkit  Toolkit of strategic options (asset & portfolio levels)  Costs are variablized and flexible across central functions and affiliates  World class,
decentralized R&D  Leverage hyper-experienced, science-focused R&D practitioners  Asset-level incentives preserve biology-level focus  Diversified portfolio  Uncorrelated assets enable multiple “shots on goal”  Modality and
therapeutic area agnostic selection of programs 

 

 The BridgeBio ecosystem has a dynamic pipeline of
products  Program  Indication  Pre-clinical  Phase 1  Phase 2  Phase 3  Approved  Patients  (US + EU)  Market Oppty  Estimated US LOE**  Attruby  (acoramidis)  Transthyretin Amyloidosis
  (ATTR-CM)  500,000+  $20B+  2039  Infigratinib  Achondroplasia (ACH)  Fully Enrolled  55,000+  $2B+  2041  Hypochondroplasia (HCH)  55,000+  $2B+  2041  BBP-418  Limb-Girdle Muscular Dystrophy   Type 2I/R9 (LGMD2I/R9)  Fully
Enrolled  7,000+  $1B+  2041  Encaleret  Autosomal Dominant Hypocalcemia Type 1 (ADH1)  Fully Enrolled  25,000+  $1B+  2041  Post-Surgical   Hypoparathyroidism (PSH)  200,000+  $1B+  2044  BBP-812  Canavan Disease  1,000  TBD  2039  BridgeBio
Oncology Therapeutics  Oncology, various  Various  Various  Various  GondolaBio  Rare disease, various  Various  Various  Various    Phase 1/2 Pivotal  45% ownership*  38% ownership*  * BridgeBio Oncology Therapeutics and GondolaBio are
separate, independent companies from BridgeBio. BridgeBio’s initial interest in GondolaBio is subject to reduction as additional tranches of capital contributions are funded.  ** Approximate estimated US LOE dates considering various factors
including issued patents, pending patent applications, potential patent term extensions, and regulatory exclusivities. 

 

 

 Market growth drivers include:  With more sponsors, there is expanding disease
awareness   Increased global adoption of non-invasive diagnostic tools  Global annual ATTR market sales1  $B  2019  2020  2021  2022  2023  2024  Peak Year  $6.4  $15-$202  +57%  1ATTR market includes all approved drugs for ATTR-PN and
ATTR-CM. 2024 sales annualized as of Q3 2024. 2Consensus estimates of $15B-$20B ATTR market.   ATTR is a multi-billion-dollar market primed for continued expansion  . . .  

 

 +  Compelling   Clinical Data  1  Market Access:  Make it Easy  2  The way we
win 

 

 The most rapid benefit seen in any Phase 3 study of ATTR-CM to date  In
composite of all-cause mortality and recurrent cardiovascular-related hospitalization events at Month 30  In the cumulative frequency of cardiovascular-related hospitalization events at Month 30  3 Months  42% Reduction  50% Reduction   Key
Data  1 

 

  Data: Attruby achieved near-complete stabilization of TTR  1Maurer, M. et al.,
Eur. Heart Jour, 2024;45(Suppl 1). 2Nelson, L. et al., Amyloid, 2021;28(1):24-29. 3Penchala, S. et al., PNAS, 2013;110(24):9992-97.   Preclinical signals of superior potency & selectivity  “We carried out the subunit exchange in human
plasma to address the relative selectivity of AG10 [acoramidis] vs. tafamidis…it is obvious that tafamidis is inferior to AG10 [acoramidis], but nothing like the degree you claim it is.”   –Prof. Jeffery Kelly (inventor of tafamidis) in email
correspondence with Dr. Isabella Graef, February 27, 2013.  1  Differential TTR selectivity  “It is clear that AG10 [acoramidis] binds more selectively to TTR in serum than tafamidis.” 3  Evidence of potency on TTR stabilization  “AG10
[acoramidis] is 4 times more potent than tafamidis at a fixed plasma concentration (e.g., 10 μM).” 2  Increase in serum TTR levels reflect in vivo stabilization  “Change from baseline in serum TTR levels were higher in participants receiving
acoramidis only than those receiving placebo+tafamidis at Month 30...”1 

 

  Make it easy: simplified, differentiated, generous access programs  28-day
supply for patients new to Attruby (newly diagnosed or switching from another therapy)   Independent and rare/orphan disease–focused Specialty Pharmacies (SPs)   where Institutional SPs can keep prescription  Dedicated Attruby Field
Reimbursement Managers and Patient Access Liaisons   Easily accessible Copay and Patient Assistance Program  Free Trial  Distribution Network  Field Access Teams  Patient Assistance Programs  Commitment to clinical trial patients  US patients
who participated in the acoramidis clinical trials may receive Attruby at no cost for the duration of their medically indicated treatment  2 

 

 Performance to date indicates strong commercial momentum  430   Attruby scripts
  written to date  248   Unique   prescribing HCPs   77%   Medicare lives in equal   formulary position to tafamidis 

 

 You priced responsibly and have a good label; we will   have you at parity with
tafamidis. Also, I have never seen a company offer free drug to their trial patients. Shows commitment.” - Payer   “  You did the right thing by being less than tafamidis…   both your label and price will play a role here.” - Payer   “  I
want to reemphasize our gratitude for LDN inclusion.   We objectively see key metrics in the patient journey improve as a result of dispensing access…Eager to leverage our resources to impact patient care in a positive way.” –Manager of
Health System SP  “  You are a smart company to set up your distribution this way.   I wish all companies would do this!” – Director of Health System SP  “  “BridgeBio’s thoughtful resources and the structure of the network…aligns with the
health system's mission of putting   patients first. – Pharmacist   "Holy Smokes!? I wish all manufacturers would provide this information. Do you have any idea how much time this is going to save our team?   – Pharmacist  “Given the
combination of strong efficacy and safety data, alongside BridgeBio’s very health system friendly approach towards access for this product (in comparison to the many challenges we have had with Pfizer…), we plan to begin preferring Attruby.
  – AD Specialty Clinical Program Development   “It takes less than 5 minutes- the easiest enrollment process of any drug we use. – RN Heart Failure Coordinator   “  Pricing:  Limited Distribution Network:   ForgingBridges:  “  “  “  Positive
feedback all around on Market Access: 

 

 Scott Collins  SVP, Market Access  Ana Merz  VP, Sales  Launched IMBRUVICA
($5B+, 12 FDA approvals, 6 disease states,   7 indications in 10 years) and EPKINLY (3L+ DLBCL)  Liz Arnold  Head of Commercial Strategy  Multiple global launches, expertise in strategy, consulting, and marketing across rare disease,
hematology, and OTC   Sean Doherty  SVP, Marketing  Broad global sales and marketing launch experience including in rare, infectious, and auto-immune diseases   Hudson Boyer  VP, Commercial Analytics & Ops  Launches in rare disease,
hematology, and immunology; strategy consulting and equity analyst background  Extensive market access experience with consistent coverage acrossrare disease and oncology, leading large field-based access teams  Julie Everett  Chief Business
Officer  Successfully led cross-functional teams through multiple rare disease launches, including VOXZOGO and PALYNZIQ (BioMarin)  Led commercial strategy/execution across ~$1B portfolio   ~Decade of strategy consulting leadership focused on
launch excellence and lifecycle maximization (Trinity)  John Whang  Chief Medical Affairs Officer  Orchestrated multiple successful launches with pioneering therapies in competitive segments – STELARA (Janssen), REPATHA (Amgen), and CAMZYOS
(BMS)  8+ launches as strategy consultant (McKinsey)  Demonstrated strategic innovation (Heartline Study – J&J / Apple collab) and consistently built outstanding organizations  Matt Outten  Chief Commercial Officer  Broad commercial
leadership expertise with success across multiple competitive markets  Led $5B+ portfolio, 12 FDA approvals spanning 6 disease states and 7 indications (IMBRUVICA, Pharmacyclics)  Commercial lead on $21B pharma M&A deal  Our BridgeBio
team is committed to providing industry-leading access and white glove service for all parties   looking to bring Attruby to patients with ATTR-CM.   Our Attruby team has experienced industry leaders who have built and launched blockbuster
drugs 

 

 Looking Ahead: Attruby Delivers Outstanding Results in Patients with Poor
Prognosis  Median Survival (months)  ATTRwt-CM  ATTRv-CM (V122I)  V122I ATTRv-CM has an aggressive phenotype and poor prognosis1  N = 413  Statistically significant benefit on composite ACM or first CVH in ATTRv-CM participants vs.
placebo2  N (%)  Hazard Ratio (95% CI)  p value  Overall Population  611 (100%)  0.65 (0.50-0.83)  0.0008  ATTRv-CM  59 (9.7%)  0.41 (0.21-0.81)  0.0109  Natural History  ATTRibute-CM mITT Population  N = 413  1Razvi, Y. et al., Eur Jour
Heart Fail., 2024;26(2):383-393. 2BridgeBio Data on File. Overall population and ATTRv-CM data vs. placebo.  

 

 1Hornstrup, L.. et al. Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol, 2013;33:1441-47. 2Figure
adapted from Christoffersen, M. et al., JAMA Cardiology, 2024.  Hazard ratio (95% CI)  TTR distribution  Additional data: Elevated TTR levels are associated with improved survival  Higher TTR concentration associated with greater life
expectancy (N≈102K individuals)2  Genetic stabilization of transthyretin associated with improved health outcomes (N≈69K individuals)1  - WT  - T119M Carriers 

 

 Infigratinib 

 

 Design Criteria  55,000+ People  In the US/EU with achondroplasia (ACH), the
most common form of disproportionate short stature.  55,000+ People  In the US/EU with hypochondroplasia (HCH), another form of disproportionate short stature.  Impact Opportunity  Phase 2 Data  $4B+ Market Opportunity  Infigratinib is an
oral best-in-class FGFR3 inhibitor that targets achondroplasia and hypochondroplasia at their source  Annualized height velocity  (To the sponsor’s knowledge, largest effect reported to date)  Target FGFR3-driven skeletal dysplasias at their
source  Proportionality  (To the sponsor’s knowledge, largest effect reported to date)  Demonstrate safety   with low dosing    Well-tolerated  Convenient oral ROA to reduce patient burden 

 

 Key Secondary Endpoints:  Change from baseline in height z-score  Change from
baseline in upper to lower body segment ratio  Primary Endpoint:  Change from baseline in annualized height velocity at Wk 52  Screening and Observational Period  Children are followed for a minimum of 6 months  Randomization 2:1  (N = 114)
  Open Label Extension  Children are followed until adult height is reached  0.25 mg/kg/day Infigratinib (N ~ 76)  6 months  Placebo (N ~ 38)  12 months  Phase 3 Trial Fully Enrolled;   LPLV Expected 2H 2025  We have fully enrolled a Phase 3
study (PROPEL 3) of Infigratinib in Achondroplasia with LPLV in 2H 2025 

 

 BBP-418 

 

 Design Criteria  7,000+ Patients  In the US/EU with LGMD2I/R9, a progressive
neuromuscular disorder that leads to loss of ambulation, cardiomyopathy, and respiratory dysfunction.  Impact Opportunity  Phase 2 Data  BBP-418 is a first-in-class, disease-modifying therapy positioned to be the first approval in any form of
limb-girdle muscular dystrophy  Glycosylated αDG  (Expected surrogate endpoint)  Serum creatine kinase    Stabilization of clinical measures    Well-tolerated  Targets the LMGD2I/R9 at its source by adding substrate to restore glycosylation
of αDG  Avoid safety concerns by using a synthesized version of an endogenous compound  Convenient oral ROA to reduce patient burden  $1B+ Market Opportunity + additional opportunity with other forms of LGMD  

 

 Screening  Genetically confirmed, symptomatic LGMD2I/R9  12-60 years of
age  Randomization 2:1 (N ~ 112)  Open Label Extension  BBP-418 (N ~ 75)  BBP-418 (N ~ 75)  Placebo (N ~ 37)  Placebo (N ~ 37)  12 months  24 months  Final Analysis Endpoints:  NSAD (primary)  Ambulatory measures  10MWT  100MTT  Pulmonary
function: FVC  Upper limb function: PUL 2.0  QoL measures  Interim Endpoints:  Glycosylated αDG (primary)  Serum creatine kinase (CK)  Trends in clinical measures  Interim Analysis  Topline Data 2H 2025  We have fully enrolled a Phase 3 study
(FORTIFY) of BBP-418 in LGMD2I/R9 and expect topline interim analysis data readout in 2H 2025  Phase 3 Trial Fully Enrolled;   LPLV & Topline Results Expected 2H 2025 

 

 Encaleret 

 

 Design Criteria  25,000+ Patients  In the US/EU with ADH1, a genetic disease
resulting in the disruption of Ca homeostasis.  200,000+ Patients  In the US/EU with Post-Surgical Hypoparathyroidism (PSH), a dysregulation of Ca homeostasis caused by impaired parathyroid function.  Impact Opportunity  Phase 2
Data  Encaleret is a first-in-class, disease-modifying investigational therapy with potential to be the first approved intervention for ADH1  Parathyroid hormone to normal range  Serum calcium to normal range    Well-tolerated  Urine calcium
to normal range  Target ADH1 at its source by desensitizing over-active  Ca sensing receptors  Normalize PTH, serum Ca, and urine Ca levels  Convenient oral ROA to reduce patient burden  $2B+ Market Opportunity 

 

 Select Secondary Endpoints:  Blood iPTH, 1,25-(OH)2 Vitamin D, magnesium, and
phosphate  Urine magnesium and phosphate  Bone turnover markers   Renal ultrasound and renal function  ER/urgent care visits and/or hospitalizations  Quality of life (SF-36)  Primary Endpoint:  Proportion of participants achieving:   Blood Ca
within the target range AND   24-hour urine Ca within the reference range  Screening and SoC Optimization Period  Age > 16 years of age  Documented pathogenic variant, or variant of uncertain significance, of the CASR gene associated with
biochemical findings related to hypoparathyroidism  SoC Maintenance  Period  (N ~ 70)  Randomization 2:1  2-14 days  Long-Term Extension  Encaleret  Encaleret Titration Period (N ~ 47)  Encaleret  Maintenance Period  4 weeks  SoC Titration
Period (N ~ 23)  SoC   Maintenance Period  20 weeks  4 weeks  SoC = standard of care; a combination of oral activated Vitamin D and/or calcium supplements. CASR = calcium-sensing receptor gene.   Phase 3 Trial Fully Enrolled;   LPLV &
Topline Results Expected 2H 2025  We have fully enrolled the Phase 3 study (CALIBRATE) of encaleret in ADH1 and expect topline results in 2H 2025  Up to 4 years 

 

 BBP-812Canavan Disease 

 

 BBP-812 has the potential to change the disease trajectory for children with
Canavan, a severe, ultra-rare, autosomal recessive leukodystrophy   “One patient in particular is sitting independently and taking steps and walking, and that is certainly something I’ve never seen with Canavan disease.”   – Dr. Florian
Eichler, Mass General Hospital for Children  “[The participant] was like a new child, reactive, holding hands, and clapping.”    – Dr Annette Bley, University Medical Center Hamburg  “Lots of improvement at 3-month visit, emotional presence,
visual tracking, reaching for things”   – Dr. Alexander Fay, UCSF Benioff Children's Hospital    Safety data consistent with other AAV9 GTx’s  Urine NAA levels  Preliminary Data  CNS NAA levels  Gross Motor Skills  Developmental Skills 

 

 BridgeBio  Ecosystem Highlights 

 

 BBOT has progressed two potentially first-in-class molecules into the clinic
with a third expected in 1H 2025  Program  Mechanism of Action  Status  BBO-8520  KRASG12C ON / OFF  First direct inhibitor of KRASG12C ON  Inhibits both KRASG12C GTP (active) and GDP (inactive) states  Differentiates from KRASG12C GDP
(inactive)-only inhibitors  Enrolling  BBO-10203  RAS:PI3Kα Breaker  Blocks specific interaction between RAS and PI3Ka  RAS driver agnostic (KRAS, HRAS and NRAS)  Selectively blocks PI3K / AKT effector signaling in the tumor  No hyperglycemia
/ hyperinsulinemia  Enrolling  BBO-11818  PanKRAS ON / OFF  Direct inhibitor of KRASG12X ON  Potent panKRAS inhibitor  Directly binds mutant KRAS  IND exp.   Q1 2025 

 

 Indication  Discovery  Lead Optimization  IND   Enabling  Phase 1  Est. Patient
Pop.  (US + EU)  Erythropoietic Protoporphyria (EPP)  20k  Galactosemia  10k  Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Deficiency (AATD)  200k  Neurofibromatosis Type 1 (NF1)  200k  Hereditary Pancreatitis  30k  Fibrous Dysplasia  50k  Congenital Glycosylation
Disorder Type Ia   (PMM2-CDG)  5k  Autosomal Dominant Polycystic Kidney Disease (ADPKD)   300k  Tuberous Sclerosis Complex 1/2 (TSC)  65k  Genetic Epilepsy Driven by SynGAP1 Mutations  10k  The GondolaBio pipeline features a diverse set of
programs across TAs 

 

 We are well-financed and expect to hit numerous milestones in 2025  vision for
2030:  >$8B   De-risked PYS  >100k lives   Lives impacted  Acoramidis: EU approval  Acoramidis: Japan approval  Q1 Earnings Call  Q2 and Q3 Earnings Calls  Encaleret: LPLV, Topline  BBP-418: LPLV, Topline  Infigratinib: LPLV  +  1H
2025  2H 2025