EX-99.1
3
ef20044715_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1

Exhibit 99.1

BridgeBio Initiates Long Term Debt Management Strategy and Announces Proposed Offering of Convertible Senior Notes to Refinance Senior Secured Debt

 

- Long term debt management strategy will strengthen the balance sheet without increasing total liabilities

 

- Refinancing term debt facility lowers interest expense, eliminates near-term amortization payments, and significantly extends debt maturity

 

PALO ALTO, Calif. – February 24, 2025 – BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (Nasdaq: BBIO) (the “Company,” “we” or “BridgeBio”) announced today that it intends to offer, subject to
market conditions and other factors, $500 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2031 (the “notes”) in a private offering (the “offering”) to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). In connection with the offering, the Company expects to grant the initial purchasers an option to purchase up to an additional $75 million aggregate principal amount of notes.

 

The Company intends to use a portion of the net proceeds from the offering to repay all outstanding borrowings under and terminate its Financing Agreement, dated as of
January 17, 2024, with the lenders party thereto and Blue Owl Corporation, as administrative agent, as amended (the “Financing Agreement”), and pay any fees related thereto. The termination of the Financing Agreement, which accounted for
approximately $51.5 million of cash paid for interest in 2024 and contains various restrictive covenants, will provide the Company with reduced pro forma interest expense and greater operational flexibility. The Company intends to use up to $50
million of any remaining net proceeds from the offering to repurchase shares of its common stock from certain purchasers of the notes in privately negotiated transactions effected through one or more of the initial purchasers or an affiliate thereof
concurrently with the pricing of the notes (such transactions, the “share repurchases”), together, if necessary, with cash on hand.  The Company expects to use any remaining net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes.

 

The Company expects the purchase price per share of its common stock in the share repurchases to equal the last reported sale price per share of its common stock on the
Nasdaq Global Select Market as of the date of the pricing of the notes. The share repurchases could increase (or reduce the size of any decrease in) the market price of the Company’s common stock prior to, concurrently with or shortly after the
pricing of the notes, and could result in a higher effective conversion price for the notes.  The Company cannot predict the magnitude of such market activity or the overall effect it will have on the market price of the notes and/or the market price
of the Company’s common stock.

 

The final terms of the notes, including the initial conversion rate, interest rate and certain other terms, will be determined at the time of pricing. The notes will bear
interest semi-annually and will mature on March 1, 2031, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. Prior to December 2, 2030, the notes will be convertible only upon satisfaction of certain conditions and during certain periods. Thereafter,
the notes will be convertible at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. The notes will be convertible at the option of the holders, subject to certain conditions and during
certain periods, into cash, shares of the Company’s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company’s common stock, with the form of consideration determined at the Company’s election.

 

The Company may not redeem the notes prior to March 6, 2028. On or after March 6, 2028 and on or before the 41st scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date
of the notes, the Company may redeem for cash all or any portion of the notes, at its option at any time, and from time to time, if the last reported sale price per share of the Company’s common stock exceeds 130% of the conversion price for a
specified period of time and certain other conditions are satisfied. The redemption price will be equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. Holders of
the notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of their notes at 100% of their principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, upon the occurrence of certain events.

 

When issued, the notes will be the Company’s senior unsecured obligations and will rank senior in right of payment to any of the Company’s unsecured indebtedness that is
expressly subordinated in right of payment to the notes; equal in right of payment to any of the Company’s unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of the
Company’s secured indebtedness and obligations, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of the Company’s subsidiaries.

 

The notes and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the notes, if any, are not being registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any
other jurisdiction. The notes and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the notes, if any, may not be offered or sold in the United States except in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the
Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws.

 

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these
securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.

 

About BridgeBio

 

BridgeBio is a new type of biopharmaceutical company founded to discover, create, test, and deliver transformative medicines to treat patients
who suffer from genetic diseases. BridgeBio’s pipeline of development programs ranges from early science to advanced clinical trials. BridgeBio was founded in 2015 and its team of experienced drug discoverers, developers and innovators are committed
to applying advances in genetic medicine to help patients as quickly as possible.

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

This press release contains forward-looking statements. Statements in this press release may include statements that are not historical facts
and are considered forward-looking within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), which are usually identified by the use of words such as
“anticipates,” “believes,” “continues,” “estimates,” “expects,” “hopes,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “projects,” “remains,” “seeks,” “should,” “will,” and variations of such words or similar expressions. We intend these forward-looking statements to
be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements, including statements relating to whether we will offer and
issue the notes, the terms of the notes, the anticipated use of the net proceeds from the offering and the expectations regarding the effect of the share repurchases, reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations and strategies,
which are based on the information currently available to us and on assumptions we have made.

 

Although we believe that our plans, intentions, expectations and strategies as reflected in or suggested by those forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no
assurance that the plans, intentions, expectations or strategies will be attained or achieved. Furthermore, actual results may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements and will be affected by a number of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, those risks set forth in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment in which new risks emerge from time to time. These forward-looking statements are based upon the current expectations and beliefs of our management as of the date
of this press release, and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, we assume no obligation to
update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

 

Contact:

 

Bubba Murarka, EVP Communications

contact@bridgebio.com

(650)-789-8220

Source: BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.