0001070081
false

0001070081

2022-10-27
2022-10-27

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

 

 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM 8-K 

 

CURRENT REPORT

 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): October 27, 2022

 

PTC
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in charter)

 

Delaware

 

001-35969

 

04-3416587

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation)

 

(Commission File Number)

 

(IRS Employer Identification

No.)

 

100 Corporate Court

 

 

South Plainfield, NJ

 

07080

(Address of principal executive offices)

 

(Zip Code)

 

Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code: (908) 222-7000

 

Not Applicable

 

(Former Name or Former
Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

 

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

 

¨ Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 

¨ Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

 

¨ Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 

¨ Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 

Title
of each class

 

Trading
Symbol(s)

 

Name
of each exchange on which

registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share

 

PTCT

 

The Nasdaq Global Select Market

 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging
growth company    ¨

 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.    
¨

 

 

 

 

 

Item 1.01.

Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

 

Blackstone Transactions

 

Debt Facility

 

On October 27, 2022 (the “Closing Date”),
PTC Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into a credit agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) for fundings of
up to $950.0 million consisting of a committed loan facility of $450.0 million and further contemplating the potential for up to $500.0
million of additional financing, to the extent that the Company requests such additional financing and subject to the Lenders’ agreement
to provide such additional financing and to mutual agreement on terms, among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company (together
with the Company, the “Loan Parties”) and funds and other affiliated entities advised or managed by Blackstone Life Sciences
Advisors L.L.C. and Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP (collectively, “Blackstone”, and such lenders, together with
their permitted assignees, the “Lenders” and each a “Lender”) and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as the
administrative agent for the Lenders (“Administrative Agent”).

 

The Credit Agreement provides for a senior secured
term loan facility funded on the Closing Date in the aggregate principal amount of $300.0 million (the “Initial Loans”) and
a committed delayed draw term loan facility of up to $150.0 million (the “Delayed Draw Loans” and, together with the Initial
Loans, the “Loans”) to be funded at the Company’s request within 18 months of the Closing Date subject to specified
conditions. In addition, the Credit Agreement contemplates the potential for further financings by Blackstone, by providing for incremental
discretionary uncommitted further financings of up to $500.0 million.

 

The Term Loans mature on the date that is seven
years from the Closing Date (the “Maturity Date”). Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a variable rate
equal to, at the Company’s option, either an adjusted Term SOFR rate plus seven and a quarter percent (7.25%) or the Base Rate plus
six and a quarter percent (6.25%), subject to a floor of one percent (1%) and two percent (2%) with respect to Term SOFR rate and Base
Rate (each as defined in the Credit Agreement), respectively.

 

Payments of the Loans will be subject to the following
premiums, in each case, from the date the applicable Loan is funded (such date, the “Funding Date”).

 

Prepayment Date

Premium

Prior to the third anniversary of the Funding Date

Make-whole

On and after the third anniversary of the Funding Date but less than 4 years from the Funding Date

3.00%

On and after the fourth anniversary of the Funding Date but less than 5 years from the Funding Date

2.00%

On and after the fifth anniversary of the Funding Date but less than 6 years from the Funding Date

1.00%

On and after the sixth anniversary of the Funding Date

Par

 

All
obligations under the Credit Agreement will be secured, subject to certain exceptions and specified inclusions, by security interests
in certain assets of the Loan Parties, including (1) intellectual property and other assets related to TranslarnaTM (ataluren),
Emflaza® (deflazacort), UpstazaTM (eladocagene exuparvovec), PTC923 and,
until certain release conditions are met, Vatiquinone, in each case, together with any other forms, formulations, or methods of delivery
of any such products, and regardless of trade or brand name, (2) future acquired intellectual property (but not internally developed intellectual
property unrelated to other intellectual property collateral) and other related assets, and (3) the equity interests held by the Loan
Parties in certain of their subsidiaries.

 

 

 

The Credit Agreement contains negative covenants
that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, could restrict the Company’s ability to, incur additional liens; incur
additional indebtedness; make investments, including acquisitions; engage in fundamental changes; sell or dispose of assets that constitute
collateral; pay dividends or make any distribution or payment on or redeem, retire or purchase any equity interests; amend, modify or
waive certain material agreements and key contracts or organizational documents; and make payments of certain subordinated indebtedness.
In addition, the Company will be required under conditions specified in the Credit Agreement to fund a reserve account up to certain amounts
specified therein. The funds in the reserve account are available to prepay the Loans at any time at the Company’s option, and are,
if funded, subject to release upon certain further conditions. Upon any such release, such funds are freely available for use by the Company
subject to the generally applicable terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement.

 

The Credit Agreement also requires the Company
to have consolidated liquidity of at least $100.0 million as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, which shall be increased to $200.0
million upon the Company consummating acquisitions meeting certain consideration thresholds described in the Credit Agreement. Additionally,
the Credit Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants and provisions relating to events
of default, including nonpayment of principal, interest and other amounts; failure to comply with covenants; the rendering of judgments
or orders or default by the Company in respect of other material indebtedness; certain insolvency and ERISA events; and certain events
related to specified key contracts and key permits and other and regulatory matters.

 

The foregoing summary of the Credit Agreement is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Credit Agreement, a copy of which the Company intends to file as an
exhibit to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022.

 

Stock Purchase Agreement

 

In connection with the execution of the Credit
Agreement, the Company and certain entities affiliated with the Lenders (the “Purchasers”) also entered into a stock purchase
agreement on the Closing Date (the “Stock Purchase Agreement”) for the sale and issuance of 1,095,290 shares of common stock
(the “Shares”) to the Purchasers at a price of $45.65 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $50.0 million.
The per share price represents the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on October 26,
2022.

 

Under the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company
agreed to register the resale of the Shares on a registration statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within
60 days of the Closing Date. The Company has agreed to keep such registration statement effective for a period of six months following
the Closing Date. In addition, subject to certain conditions, the Purchasers will be entitled to participate in registered underwritten
public offerings by the Company during such period.

 

Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement,
the Purchasers and certain of their controlled affiliates have agreed not to, without the prior written approval of the Company and subject
to specified conditions, directly or indirectly acquire shares of the Company’s outstanding common stock in excess of specified
thresholds, seek or propose any acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, seek or propose a merger or other
business combination involving the Company, solicit proxies or consents with respect to any securities of the Company, seek to influence
the management, board of directors or policies of the Company, or undertake other specified actions related to the potential acquisition
of additional equity interests in the Company, or to encourage others to do any of the above (the “Standstill Restrictions”).
The Standstill Restrictions terminate on the earliest of (i) the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer by a third party unaffiliated
with the Purchasers for more than 50% of the Company’s outstanding common stock, (ii) the public announcement by the Company of
a written agreement to consummate a change of control of the Company, (iii) the public announcement of the Company’s voluntary or
involuntary bankruptcy and (iv) the termination of the Credit Agreement.

 

The Purchasers have also agreed not to sell or
transfer the Shares without the prior written approval of the Company for a period of 90 days following the Closing Date, subject to certain
exceptions.

 

 

 

The foregoing summary of the Stock Purchase Agreement
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Stock Purchase Agreement, a copy of which the Company intends to
file as an exhibit to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022.

 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

 

The information set forth under the heading “Debt
Facility” in Item 1.01 above is incorporated herein by reference.

 

Item 3.02. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

 

The information set forth under the heading “Stock
Purchase Agreement” in Item 1.01 above is incorporated herein by reference. The Shares were issued in reliance on the exemption
from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for a transaction by an issuer not involving any public
offering within the meaning of Section 4(a)(2) thereunder.

 

Item 7.01.

Regulation FD Disclosure.

 

On October 27, 2022, the Company issued a press
release in which it announced that it entered into the Credit Agreement and the Stock Purchase Agreement. A copy of the press release
is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.

 

The information set forth in or incorporated by
reference into this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall
it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly
set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

 

Item 9.01.

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d)
Exhibits.

 

Exhibit No.

Description

 

 

99.1

Press release issued by PTC Therapeutics, Inc. on October 27, 2022

 

 

104

The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL

 

 

 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

 

 

PTC THERAPEUTICS, INC.

 

 

 

Date: October 27, 2022

By:

/s/ Emily Hill  

 

 

Emily Hill

 

 

Chief Financial Officer