EX-99.1
2
tm2526397d1_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1

 

Exhibit 99.1

 

Replimune Provides Update Following Type A Meeting
with FDA

 

WOBURN, Mass., Sept 18, 2025 – Replimune Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:
REPL), a clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering the development of novel oncolytic immunotherapies, today announced that the
company completed a Type A meeting with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on September 16th to discuss the complete
response letter (CRL) for the Company’s Biologics License Application (BLA) for RP1 in combination with nivolumab for the treatment
of advanced melanoma.

 

The company is evaluating the feedback from the FDA provided during
the meeting to determine next steps. At this time, a path forward under the accelerated approval pathway has not been determined.

 

“The feedback from the melanoma community, including patients
and physicians, clearly highlights the unmet need in advanced melanoma and the compelling risk-benefit profile of RP1 observed in the
IGNYTE trial,” said Sushil Patel, Ph.D., CEO of Replimune. “We remain committed to working with the FDA to determine an expeditious
path forward for RP1.”

 

About RP1

 

RP1 (vusolimogene oderparepvec) is Replimune’s lead product candidate
and is based on a proprietary strain of herpes simplex virus engineered and genetically armed with a fusogenic protein (GALV-GP R-) and
GM-CSF intended to maximize tumor killing potency, the immunogenicity of tumor cell death, and the activation of a systemic anti-tumor
immune response.

 

About Replimune

 

Replimune Group, Inc., headquartered in Woburn, MA, was founded in
2015 with the mission to transform cancer treatment by pioneering the development of novel oncolytic immunotherapies. Replimune’s
proprietary RPx platform is based on a potent HSV-1 backbone intended to maximize immunogenic cell death and the induction of a systemic
anti-tumor immune response. The RPx platform is intended to ignite local activity consisting of direct selective virus-mediated killing
of the tumor resulting in the release of tumor derived antigens and altering of the tumor microenvironment to then activate a strong and
durable systemic response. The RPx product candidates are expected to be synergistic with most established and experimental cancer treatment
modalities, leading to the versatility to be developed alone or combined with a variety of other treatment options. For more information,
please visit www.replimune.com.

 

 

 

 

Forward Looking Statements

 

This press release contains forward looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including
statements regarding our expectations about our cash runway, the content of our interactions with the FDA at our Type A Meeting, the outcome
and timing of any resolutions following such meeting, the viability of the continuation of our confirmatory trial in advanced melanoma,
and other statements identified by words such as “could,” “expects,” “intends,” “hope,”
“may,” “plans,” “potential,” “should,” “will,” “would,” or similar
expressions and the negatives of those terms. Forward-looking statements are not promises or guarantees of future performance, and are
subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and which could cause actual results to differ
materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These factors include risks related to our limited operating history,
our ability to generate positive clinical trial results for our product candidates, the costs and timing of operating our in-house manufacturing
facility, the timing and scope of regulatory approvals, if any, our ability to resolve the issues identified in the CRL and the Type A
meeting in a manner satisfactory to the FDA and to us and the timing thereof, the availability of combination therapies needed to conduct
our clinical trials, changes in laws and regulations to which we are subject, competitive pressures, our ability to identify additional
product candidates, political and global macro factors including the impact of a global pandemic and related public health issues and
the ongoing political and military conflicts, including trade conflicts, and other risks as may be detailed from time to time in our Annual
Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our actual
results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking
statements.

 

Investor Inquiries

Chris Brinzey

ICR Healthcare

339.970.2843

chris.brinzey@icrhealthcare.com

 

Media Inquiries

Arleen Goldenberg

Replimune

917.548.1582

media@replimune.com