false
0001737953

0001737953

2024-06-12
2024-06-12

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

 

 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM 8-K

 

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported):  June 12, 2024

 

REPLIMUNE GROUP, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 

Delaware

 

001-38596

 

82-2082553

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation)

 

(Commission

File Number)

 

(IRS Employer

Identification Number)

 

500
Unicorn Park Drive

Suite 303

Woburn, MA 01801

(Address of principal executive offices, including Zip Code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: (781) 222-9600

 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is
intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 

¨

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR
230.425)

 

¨

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)

 

¨

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14d-2(b))

 

¨

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 

Title of each class

 

Trading

Symbol(s)

 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

 

REPL

 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Global Select Market)

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933
(§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this
chapter). Emerging growth company ¨

 

If an
emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨

 

 

 

 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

 

Securities Purchase Agreement 

 

On June 12, 2024, Replimune Group, Inc. (the “Company”)
entered into a securities purchase agreement (the “Securities Purchase Agreement”) for a private placement (the “Private
Placement”) with certain institutional and accredited investors (each, an “Investor” and collectively, the “Investors”).

 

Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to
issue and sell to the Investors an aggregate of (i) 5,668,937 shares (the “Shares”) of the Company’s common stock, par
value $0.001 per share (the “Common Stock”), at a purchase price of $8.82 per share, and (ii) pre-funded warrants (the “Pre-Funded
Warrants”) to purchase up to an aggregate of 5,669,578 shares of Common Stock (the “Pre-Funded Warrant Shares”) at a
purchase price of $8.819 per Pre-Funded Warrant, which represents the per share purchase price of the Shares less the $0.001 per share
exercise price for each Pre-Funded Warrant. The Pre-Funded Warrants will be exercisable at any time after the date of issuance and will
not expire.

 

Leerink Partners LLC acted as the sole placement agent for the Private
Placement. The Company has agreed to pay customary placement fees and reimburse certain expenses of the placement agent.

 

The Private Placement is expected to close on June 14, 2024, subject
to customary closing conditions. The Company anticipates the gross proceeds from the Private Placement to be approximately $100 million,
before deducting placement agent fees and offering expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this proposed financing,
together with the Company's existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, to fully scale up for the commercialization of
RP1 in skin cancers, and for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

 

The foregoing descriptions of the Securities Purchase Agreement and
the Pre-Funded Warrants do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to such agreements, copies of which
are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 4.1 hereto, respectively, and incorporated by reference herein.

 

Registration Rights Agreement 

 

At the closing of the Private Placement, the Company will enter into a registration
rights agreement (the “Registration Rights Agreement”) with the Investors, pursuant to which the Company agreed to register
for resale the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares held by the Investors (the “Registrable Securities”). Under the Registration
Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to prepare and file a registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the “SEC”), covering the resale of the Registrable Securities within 60 days after the closing of the Private Placement (the
“Filing Deadline”). The Company has also agreed to use reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement to become
effective as soon as practicable, but in any event no later than the earlier of (i) the 100th calendar day following the initial
filing date of such registration statement if the SEC notifies the Company that it will “review” such registration statement,
and (ii) the earlier of (a) the 30th calendar day following the initial filing date of such registration statement and (b)
the fifth business day after the date the Company is notified by the SEC that such registration statement will not be “reviewed”
or will not be subject to further review.

 

The Company
also agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to keep such registration statement effective until the earlier of (i) the date on
which the Investors shall have resold all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby and (ii) the date the Shares and the Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares, and any Common Stock issued or issuable with respect thereto, cease to be Registrable Securities. The Company has agreed
to be responsible for all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the registration of the Registrable Securities. In addition, certain
liquidated damages provisions will apply to the Company in the event of registration failures, as described in the Registration Rights
Agreement.

 

The Company has granted the Investors customary indemnification rights
in connection with the registration statement. The Investors have also granted the Company customary indemnification rights in connection
with the registration statement.

 

 

 

 

The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement does
not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of the Registration Rights Agreement,
which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2 and incorporated herein by reference.

 

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

 

To the extent required by Form 8-K, the disclosures
in Item 1.01 above are incorporated herein by reference. The securities to be issued and sold to the Investors under the Securities Purchase
Agreement are not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and are being sold in reliance
on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Company relied on this exemption from registration
based in part on representations made by the Investors. The securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration
or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. 

 

Neither this Current Report on Form 8-K nor any
exhibit attached hereto is an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy shares of common stock or other securities of the Company.

 

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

 

On June 13, 2024, the Company issued a press release
announcing the Private Placement. A copy of this press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. 

 

The information contained in this Item 7.01, including
Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or
otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any of the Company’s
filing with the SEC made by the Company, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings, except to the extent expressly
set forth by reference in such filing.

 

Cautions About Forward-Looking Statements

 

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward
looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and that involve risks and uncertainties, including statements regarding the expected gross proceeds from the Private Placement,
the expected use of proceeds from the Private Placement, the expected timing of the closing of the Private Placement, the prospect that
the Pre-Funded Warrants will be exercised, the Company’s plans regarding the commercialization of RP1, and other statements identified
by words such as “could,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “potential,”
“should,” “will,” “would,” or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. Forward-looking
statements are not promises or guarantees of future performance, and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which
are beyond our control, and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements,
including, but not limited to, the risks as may be detailed from time to time in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q and other reports the Company files with the SEC. The Company’s actual results could differ materially from the results
described in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as
required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements.

 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d) Exhibits

 

Exhibit No.

 

Description

4.1

 

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

10.1

 

Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 12, 2024, by and among Replimune Group, Inc. and each of the investors as party thereto

10.2

 

Form of Registration Rights Agreement

99.1

 

Press Release dated June 13, 2024

104

 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

 

 

 

 

SIGNATURES

 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

 

 

REPLIMUNE GROUP, INC.

 

 

 

Date: June 13, 2024

By:

/s/ Sushil Patel

 

 

Sushil Patel

 

 

Chief Executive Officer