EX-99.1
2
tm2321618d1_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1

 

Exhibit 99.1

 

Replimune Announces Sander Slootweg will Depart
from its Board of Directors

 

WOBURN, Mass., July 20, 2023 – Replimune Group, Inc.
(NASDAQ: REPL), a clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering the development of a novel class of tumor-directed oncolytic immunotherapies,
today announced Sander Slootweg, founder and managing partner at Forbion, will not seek to be reappointed as a non-executive director
at the end of his current term at the company’s upcoming annual general meeting.

 

“It has been a pleasure working with Sander since the inception
of Replimune several years ago,” said Philip Astley-Sparke, CEO of Replimune. “We are grateful for Sander’s sage advice,
expertise and Forbion’s support of Replimune, and the other directors and members of our executive team join me in wishing Sander
continued success.”

 

“I am incredibly proud of being part of the board, and especially
in what Replimune has accomplished since the company’s founding,” said Sander Slootweg, founder and managing partner at Forbion.
“It was our belief from the start that tumor-directed oncolytic immunotherapy had immense potential to benefit patients in a variety
of cancers, and I believe the company is well positioned to fulfill its promise.”

 

About Replimune

 

Replimune Group, Inc., headquartered
in Woburn, MA, was founded in 2015 with the mission to transform cancer treatment by pioneering the development of novel tumor-directed
oncolytic immunotherapies. Replimune’s proprietary RPx platform is based on a potent HSV-1 backbone with payloads added to maximize
immunogenic cell death and the induction of a systemic anti-tumor immune response. The RPx platform has a unique dual local and systemic
mechanism of action consisting of direct selective virus-mediated killing of the tumor resulting in the release of tumor derived antigens
and altering of the tumor microenvironment to ignite a strong and durable systemic response. This MOA is expected to be synergistic with
most established and experimental cancer treatment modalities, and, with an attractive safety profile the RPx platform has the versatility
to be developed alone or combined with a variety of other treatment options. For more information, please visit www.replimune.com.

 

 

 

 

Forward Looking Statements

 

This press release contains forward looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
including statements regarding the design and advancement of our clinical trials, the timing and sufficiency of our clinical trial outcomes
to support potential approval of any of our product candidates, our goals to develop and commercialize our product candidates, patient
enrollments in our existing and planned clinical trials and the timing thereof, and other statements identified by words such as “could,”
“expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “potential,” “should,” “will,”
“would,” or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. Forward-looking statements are not promises or guarantees
of future performance, and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and which could
cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These factors include risks related
to our limited operating history, our ability to generate positive clinical trial results for our product candidates, the costs and timing
of operating our in-house manufacturing facility, the timing and scope of regulatory approvals, changes in laws and regulations to which
we are subject, competitive pressures, our ability to identify additional product candidates, political and global macro factors including
the impact of the coronavirus as a global pandemic and related public health issues, and other risks as may be detailed from time to time
in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking
statements.

 

Investor Inquiries

Chris Brinzey

Westwicke, an ICR Company

339.970.2843

chris.brinzey@westwicke.com

 

Media Inquiries

Arleen Goldenberg

Replimune

917.548.1582

media@replimune.com