EX-99.2
3
tm2033857d2_ex99-2.htm
EXHIBIT 99.2

 

Exhibit 99.2

 

Replimune Releases Updated Corporate
Presentation

 

 

Woburn, MA, October 20, 2020 – Replimune Group,
Inc. (NASDAQ: REPL), a biotechnology company developing oncolytic immuno-gene therapies derived from its Immulytic™ platform,
announced that it is filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), in which it will furnish
an updated corporate presentation. The presentation can be found in the “Investors and Media” section of Replimune’s
corporate website under the “Events and Presentations” section (Link to Presentation).

 

The presentation includes information relating to the abstracts
that are to be presented at the 2020 Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC) Annual Meeting, including updated clinical
trial data from the related trials, and other updated information about Replimune. The data from these abstracts appeared briefly
and in error on the SITC website on October 14, 2020, prior to their intended release on November 9, 2020. As a result, the full
abstracts were released by Replimune on that date, and are being followed up with data in Replimune’s updated corporate presentation
today.

 

About Replimune

 

Replimune Group, Inc., headquartered in Woburn, MA, was founded
in 2015 to develop the next generation of oncolytic immune-gene therapies for the treatment of cancer. Replimune is developing
novel, proprietary therapeutics intended to improve the direct cancer-killing effects of selective virus replication and the potency
of the immune response to the tumor antigens released. Replimune’s Immulytic™ platform is designed to maximize systemic
immune activation, in particular to tumor neoantigens, through robust viral-mediated immunogenic tumor cell killing and the delivery
of optimal combinations of immune-activating proteins to the tumor and draining lymph nodes. The approach is expected to be highly
synergistic with immune checkpoint blockade and other approaches to cancer treatment across a broad range of cancers. Replimune
intends to progress these therapies rapidly through clinical development in combination with other immuno-oncology products with
complementary mechanisms of action. For more information, please visit www.replimune.com.

 

Forward Looking Statements

 

This press release contains forward looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, including statements regarding our expectations about our cash runway, the advancement of our clinical trials, our plans
to initiate new clinical trials, our goals to develop and commercialize our product candidates, patient enrollments in our existing
and planned clinical trials and the timing thereof, the potential impact of COVID-19 on our operations and milestones, and other
statements identified by words such as “could,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,”
“potential,” “should,” “will,” “would,” or similar expressions and the negatives
of those terms. Forward-looking statements are not promises or guarantees of future performance, and are subject to a variety of
risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those
contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These factors include risks related to our limited operating history, our ability
to generate positive clinical trial results for our product candidates, the costs and timing of operating our in-house manufacturing
facility, the timing and scope of regulatory approvals, changes in laws and regulations to which we are subject, competitive pressures,
our ability to identify additional product candidates, political and global macro factors including the impact of the coronavirus
as a global pandemic and related public health issues, and other risks as may be detailed from time to time in our Annual Reports
on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other reports we file with the SEC. Our actual results could differ materially
from the results described in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date
hereof, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements.

 

Investor Inquiries

Chris Brinzey

Westwicke, an ICR Company

339.970.2843

chris.brinzey@westwicke.com

 

Media Inquiries

Arleen Goldenberg

Verge Scientific Communications

917.548.1582

agoldenberg@vergescientific.com