EX-99.2
6
tm2429573d1_ex99-2.htm
EXHIBIT 99.2

Exhibit 99.2

 

Replimune Announces Pricing of Upsized Public
Offering

 

November 25, 2024

 

BOSTON, November 25, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --
Replimune Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: REPL), a clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering the development of novel oncolytic immunotherapies,
today announced the pricing of its public offering of 6,923,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $13.00 per share.
In addition, in lieu of common stock to certain investors, Replimune today announced the pricing of its public offering of pre-funded
warrants to purchase 3,846,184 shares of its common stock at a purchase price of $12.9999 per pre-funded warrant, which equals the public
offering price per share of the common stock less the $0.0001 per share exercise price of each pre-funded warrant. The aggregate gross
proceeds from the offering are expected to be approximately $140 million, before deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions
and offering expenses payable by Replimune. All securities in the offering are being offered by Replimune. In addition, Replimune has
granted the underwriter a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,615,377 shares of its common stock from Replimune at the public
offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The offering is expected to close on November 27, 2024, subject to the
satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

 

Leerink Partners is acting as sole bookrunning
manager for the offering.

 

A preliminary prospectus supplement relating to
and describing the terms of the offering was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on November 25,
2024. The final prospectus supplement relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and
the accompanying prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained, when available, by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.
Alternatively, copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, when available, may be obtained from Leerink
Partners LLC, Attention: Syndicate Department, 53 State Street, 40th Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02109, by telephone at + 1 (800) 808-7525,
ext. 6105, or by email at syndicate@leerink.com. The final terms of the offering will be disclosed in a final prospectus supplement to
be filed with the SEC.

 

The securities described above are being offered
by Replimune pursuant to its shelf registration statement on Form S-3, including a base prospectus, that was previously filed
by Replimune with the SEC on August 3, 2023, as amended by the Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 filed with the
SEC on May 16, 2024, and as further amended by the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 filed with the SEC on May 16, 2024, and declared
effective by the SEC on July 22, 2024.  This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of securities, in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale
would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

 

About Replimune

 

Replimune Group, Inc., headquartered in Woburn,
MA, was founded in 2015 with the mission to transform cancer treatment by pioneering the development of novel oncolytic immunotherapies.
Replimune’s proprietary RPx platform is based on a potent HSV-1 backbone intended to maximize immunogenic cell death and the induction
of a systemic anti-tumor immune response. The RPx platform is designed to have unique dual local and systemic activity consisting of direct
selective virus-mediated killing of the tumor resulting in the release of tumor derived antigens and altering of the tumor microenvironment
to ignite a strong and durable systemic response. The RPx product candidates are expected to be synergistic with most established and
experimental cancer treatment modalities, leading to the versatility to be developed alone or combined with a variety of other treatment
options.

 

 

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

This press release contains forward looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, including statements regarding the timing of closing of our public offering, the gross proceeds we expect to receive from our
public offering and other statements identified by words such as “could,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,”
“plans,” “potential,” “should,” “will,” “would,” or similar expressions and
the negatives of those terms. Forward-looking statements are not promises or guarantees of future performance, and are subject to a variety
of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those
contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These factors include risks related to our limited operating history, our ability to
generate positive clinical trial results for our product candidates, the costs and timing of operating our in-house manufacturing facility,
the timing and scope of regulatory approvals, the availability of combination therapies needed to conduct our clinical trials, changes
in laws and regulations to which we are subject, competitive pressures, our ability to identify additional product candidates, political
and global macro factors including the impact of the coronavirus as a global pandemic and related public health issues and the Russian-Ukrainian
and Israel-Hamas political and military conflicts, and other risks as may be detailed from time to time in our Annual Reports on Form
10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other reports we file with the SEC, and in the preliminary prospectus supplement and
the accompanying prospectus, once filed with the SEC. Our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied
by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, we undertake
no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements.

 

Investor Inquiries

Chris Brinzey

ICR Westwicke

339.970.2843

chris.brinzey@westwicke.com

 

Media Inquiries

Arleen Goldenberg

Replimune

917.548.1582

media@replimune.com