EX-99.1
4
tm2033857d7_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1

 

Exhibit 99.1 

 

Replimune Announces Proposed Public Offering

 

Boston, MA
– October 20, 2020 – Replimune Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: REPL), a biotechnology company developing oncolytic
immuno-gene therapies derived from its Immulytic™ platform, today announced a proposed public offering of $125 million of
shares of its common stock. All shares of common stock in the offering will be offered by Replimune. In addition, Replimune intends
to grant the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional $18.75 million of shares of its common stock from Replimune
at the public offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions.

 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and SVB Leerink
LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the proposed offering. The proposed offering is subject to market and other customary
closing conditions, and Replimune cannot assure you as to whether or when the proposed offering may be completed.

 

The proposed offering
will be made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. A copy of the preliminary prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the proposed offering will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the “SEC”) and may be obtained, when available, by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov or from: J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, by telephone at
(866) 803-9204, or by e-mail at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmorgan.com; or SVB Leerink LLC, Attention: Syndicate Department, One Federal
Street, 37th Floor, Boston, MA 02110, by telephone at (800) 808-7525, ext. 6132, or by e-mail at syndicate@svbleerink.com. The
final terms of the proposed offering will be disclosed in a final prospectus supplement to be filed with the SEC.

 

The shares of common stock described above
are being offered by Replimune pursuant to its shelf registration statement on Form S-3, including a base prospectus,
that was previously filed by Replimune with the SEC on August 11, 2020 and declared effective by the SEC on August 26,
2020.  This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be
any sale of securities, in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration
or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

 

About Replimune

 

Replimune Group, Inc., headquartered
in Woburn, MA, was founded in 2015 to develop the next generation of oncolytic immuno-gene therapies for the treatment of cancer.
Replimune is developing novel, proprietary therapeutics intended to improve the direct cancer-killing effects of selective virus
replication and the potency of the immune response to the tumor antigens released. Replimune’s Immulytic™ platform
is designed to maximize systemic immune activation, in particular to tumor neoantigens, through robust viral-mediated immunogenic
tumor cell killing and the delivery of optimal combinations of immune-activating proteins to the tumor and draining lymph nodes.

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

This press release contains forward looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including statements regarding the timing and size of our proposed public offering and our expectations
with respect to granting the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase additional shares of our common stock, our goals to develop
and commercialize our product candidates, and other statements identified by words such as “could”, “expects”,
“intends”, “may”, “plans”, “potential”, “should”, “will”,
“would”, or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. Forward-looking statements are not promises or guarantees
of future performance, and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and which
could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These factors include
risks related to our limited operating history, our ability to generate positive clinical trial results for our product candidates,
the costs and timing of operating our in-house manufacturing facility, the timing and scope of regulatory approvals, changes in
laws and regulations to which we are subject, competitive pressures, our ability to identify additional product candidates, political
and global macro factors including the impact of the coronavirus as a global pandemic and related public health issues, and other
risks as may be detailed from time to time in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and
other reports we file with the SEC, and in the preliminary prospectus supplement once filed with the SEC and the accompanying prospectus.
Our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise these
forward-looking statements.

 

 

 

Investor Inquiries

 

Chris Brinzey

 

Westwicke, an ICR Company

 

339.970.2843

 

chris.brinzey@westwicke.com