false
0001649904

0001649904

2024-04-01
2024-04-01

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

 

 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.
20549

 

FORM 8-K

 

CURRENT REPORT

 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 1, 2024

 

RHYTHM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)

 

Delaware

 

001-38223

 

46-2159271

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation)

 

(Commission

File Number)

 

(IRS Employer

Identification Number)

 

222 Berkeley Street

12th Floor

Boston, MA 02116

(Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: (857) 264-4280

 

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

 

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 

¨  Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

¨  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

¨  Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

¨  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 

Title
of each class

Trading

Symbol(s)

Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share

RYTM

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq Global Market)

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or
Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging growth company ¨

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ¨

 

 

 

 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

 

On April 1, 2024, Rhythm Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), entered into an Investment Agreement (the “Investment Agreement”) with
certain affiliates of Perceptive Advisors LLC (“Perceptive”) and certain other investors (each, an “Investor”
and collectively, the “Investors”), relating to the issuance and sale of 150,000 shares of a new series of the Company’s
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, titled the “Series A Convertible Preferred Stock”
(the “Convertible Preferred Stock”), for an aggregate purchase price of $150,000,000, or $1,000 per share (the “Issuance”).
The closing of the Issuance is subject to certain conditions and is expected to occur on April 15, 2024 (the “Initial Issue
Date). Prior to the date hereof, certain of the investors and certain of their affiliated entities held over 5% of the Company’s
common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Common Stock”).

 

Certificate of Designations and Designation of Convertible Preferred
Stock

 

The Convertible Preferred Stock will rank
senior to the shares of the Company’s Common Stock, with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets
upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. The Convertible Preferred Stock will initially have a liquidation
preference of $1,000 per share; provided that the liquidation preference in dissolution or upon a change of control shall be
increased to be 175% of the then applicable liquidation preference, as described in the Certificate of Designations, which will be
filed by the Company with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and become effective on or about the Initial Issue Date
(the “Certificate of Designations”). Holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock will be entitled to a regular dividend
(the “Dividend”), at the rate of, (a) for the period beginning on, and including, the Initial Issue Date and ending
on, but excluding, the second anniversary of the Initial Issue Date, 0.00% per annum and (b) for the period beginning on, and
including, the second anniversary of the Initial Issue Date, six percent 6.00% per annum, compounding quarterly, paid-in-kind or
paid in cash, at the Company’s election. For any quarter in which the Company elects not to pay the Dividend in cash with
respect to a share of Convertible Preferred Stock, such Dividend will become part of the liquidation preference of such share, as
set forth in the Certificate of Designations. In addition, no dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock will be declared or
paid on the Common Stock unless, at the time of such declaration and payment, an equivalent dividend or distribution is declared and
paid on the Convertible Preferred Stock.

 

Conversion Rights and Mandatory Conversion

 

The Convertible Preferred Stock will be
convertible into shares of Common Stock at the option of the holders thereof at any time following the expiration or termination of
any applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the “HSR
Act”). Should the closing sale price per share of Common Stock exceeds 250% of the conversion price for at least twenty (20)
of thirty (30) consecutive trading days, then the Company has the right to mandatorily convert the Convertible Preferred Stock,
subject to certain restrictions based the liquidity of the Common Stock and the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting
period under the HSR Act. The initial conversion rate is 20.8333 shares of Common Stock to be issued upon the conversion of each
$1,000 of liquidation preference (the “Conversion Rate”). The implied conversion price is initially $48.00. The
conversion rate is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, including in the event of any stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization or similar events. The conversion rate is also subject to adjustment for certain dilutive offerings occurring prior
to the date on which the Company releases unblinded results for FRI065 Trial Design Of A Double-blind, Randomized,
Placebo-controlled, Phase 3 Study Of Setmelanotide In Patients With Hypothalamic Obesity (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier:
NCT05774756) including the results of the primary endpoints thereunder.

 

No holder of Convertible Preferred Stock may convert
shares of Convertible Preferred Stock through either an optional or a mandatory conversion into shares of Common Stock if and to the extent
that such conversion would result in the holder beneficially owning in excess of 19.99% of the aggregate number of votes entitled to be
cast generally at a meeting of the Company’s stockholders held for the election of directors by all outstanding shares of the Company’s
common stock (regardless of class). In addition, each holder of the Convertible Preferred Stock may elect a lower beneficial ownership
limit to apply to it (such limitations, collectively, the “Ownership Limitations”).

 

 

 

 

Voting and Consent Rights

 

Initially, holders of the Convertible Preferred
Stock will not be entitled to voting rights in the election of directors of the Company. Following the expiration or termination of any
applicable waiting period under the HSR Act, holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock generally will be entitled to vote with the holders
of the shares of Common Stock on all matters submitted for a vote of holders of shares of Common Stock (voting together with the holders
of shares of Common Stock as one class) on an as-converted basis, subject to the Ownership Limitations. Additionally, certain matters
will require the approval of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding Convertible Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, including
(1) the authorization, creation, increase in the authorized amount of, or issuance of any class or series of senior or pari passu
equity securities or any security convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of senior or pari passu equity securities,
(2) amendments, modifications or repeal of any provision of the Company’s charter or of the Certificate of Designations that
would adversely affect the rights, preferences or voting powers of the Convertible Preferred Stock, and (3) certain business combinations
and binding or statutory share exchanges or reclassification involving the Convertible Preferred Stock unless such events do not adversely
affect the rights, preferences or voting powers of the Convertible Preferred Stock.

 

Repurchase Rights

 

Each Investor will have the right to require the
Company to repurchase such Investor’s Convertible Preferred Stock upon the consummation of a Change of Control (as defined in the
Certificate of Designations) meeting certain criteria, at a price equal to 175% of the then applicable liquidation preference and on the
terms set forth in the Certificate of Designations. The Company will have the right to repurchase all, but not less than all, of the shares
of Convertible Preferred Stock, at a price equal to the then applicable liquidation preference, on or after the fifth anniversary of the
Initial Issue Date.

 

Transfer Restrictions

 

During the first six months following the Initial
Issuance Date, the Investors will be restricted from transferring the Convertible Preferred Stock and the shares of Common Stock underlying
it, subject to certain specified exceptions set forth in the Investment Agreement.

 

The foregoing description of the Investment Agreement
and the Certificate of Designations is, in each case, not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Investment Agreement,
which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.1, and the form of the Certificate of Designations, which
is attached as Exhibit A to the Investment Agreement, respectively, each of which is incorporated herein by reference.

 

Registration Rights Agreement

 

In connection with the closing of the Issuance,
the Company will enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Investors, pursuant to which the Company will grant the Investors
certain customary registration rights with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Convertible Preferred Stock.

 

The foregoing description of the Registration
Rights Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Registration Rights Agreement, which is
which is attached as Exhibit B to the Investment Agreement, and is incorporated herein by reference.

 

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

 

As described in Item 1.01 above, pursuant to the
Investment Agreement, the Company has entered into the Investment Agreement for the issuance and sale of 150,000 shares of Convertible
Preferred Stock. The offer and sale of the shares of Convertible Preferred Stock through the Investment Agreement are being made in reliance
an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof.
The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of shares of the Convertible Preferred Stock will be issued in reliance upon the exemption
from registration in Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act. The information in Item 1.01 above is incorporated into this Item
3.02 by reference.

 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

 

In light of the Investment Agreement, the Company is providing the following update to its cash guidance. Based
on its current operating plans, the Company expects that its existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, taking into account
the net proceeds from the sale of Preferred Stock, will be sufficient to fund its operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements
into 2026.

 

 

 

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

This
Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. All statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K that do not relate to matters of historical fact
should be considered forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements regarding the
potential, safety, efficacy, and regulatory and clinical progress of, and our business strategy and plans for, our drug products,
the anticipated benefits of and activities under the investment transaction, our use of proceeds from the transaction, the expected
timing for closing of the transaction; the sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments to fund our
operations; and the issuance of dividends. Statements using word such as “expect”, “anticipate”,
“believe”, “may”, “will” and similar terms are also forward-looking statements. Such statements
are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, our ability to enroll patients in clinical trials,
the design and outcome of clinical trials, the impact of competition, the ability to achieve or obtain necessary regulatory
approvals, risks associated with data analysis and reporting, our ability to successfully commercialize setmelanotide, our liquidity
and expenses, our ability to retain our key employees and consultants, and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel, and
general economic conditions, and the other important factors discussed under the caption “Risk Factors” in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligations to make any revisions to the forward-looking statements contained
in this release or to update them to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this release, whether as a result
of new information, future developments or otherwise.

 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d) Exhibits

 

The following Exhibit 99.1 shall be deemed to be furnished, and not
filed.

 

Exhibit

No.

 

Description

10.1

 

Investment Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2024,
by and among Rhythm Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and the investors named therein

99.1

 

Press release dated April 1, 2024

104

 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within
the inline XBRL document)

 

 

 

 

SIGNATURES

 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

 

 

RHYTHM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

 

 

 

Date: April 1, 2024

By:

/s/ Hunter Smith

 

 

Hunter Smith

 

 

Chief Financial Officer