EX-99.1
2
tm2520203d1_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1

 

Exhibit 99.1

 

 

 

Rhythm Pharmaceuticals Announces Oral MC4R Agonist
Bivamelagon Achieved Statistically Significant, Clinically Meaningful BMI Reductions in Placebo-controlled Phase 2 Trial in Acquired Hypothalamic
Obesity

 

-- Bivamelagon achieved BMI reductions in patients
with acquired hypothalamic obesity of -9.3% and -7.7% in 600mg and 400mg cohorts, respectively, at 14 weeks --

 

-- Post-hoc analysis showed BMI reductions in
bivamelagon trial were consistent with BMI reductions achieved by setmelanotide in past trials in similar patient populations --

 

-- Patients in both 600mg and 400mg cohorts
achieved mean reduction of -2.8 points in most hunger scores --

 

-- Limited instances of localized hyperpigmentation
observed --

 

-- Rhythm to request End-of-Phase 2 meeting
with U.S. FDA in order to pursue registrational path for bivamelagon in acquired hypothalamic obesity --

 

-- Company to host conference call today at
8 a.m. ET --

 

BOSTON, July 9, 2025 -- Rhythm Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
(Nasdaq: RYTM), a global commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on transforming the lives of patients living with rare neuroendocrine
diseases, today announced positive topline results from its Phase 2 trial evaluating bivamelagon (formerly LB54640), an investigational
oral melanocortin-4 receptor (MC4R) agonist, in patients with acquired hypothalamic obesity. Bivamelagon achieved statistically significant
and clinically meaningful reductions in body mass index (BMI) at 14 weeks of treatment, consistent with BMI reductions achieved with setmelanotide
therapy in similar patient populations in past trials. Rhythm in-licensed bivamelagon from LG Chem, Ltd in January 2024.

 

In the 14-week, double-blind, four-arm, placebo-controlled portion
of the trial, bivamelagon achieved:

 

·

-9.3% BMI reduction from baseline in the 600mg cohort (n=8) (p-value=0.0004);

·

-7.7% BMI reduction from baseline in the 400mg cohort (n=7) (p-value=0.0002);

·

-2.7% BMI reduction from baseline in the 200mg cohort (n=6) (p-value=0.0180);
and

·

BMI for patients in the placebo cohort (n=7) increased by 2.2% over 14 weeks.

 

“We are excited by these results, which suggest bivamelagon has
the potential to treat patients with acquired hypothalamic obesity, and has established an appropriate dose range for future clinical
evaluation. Unlike in studies evaluating general obesity, once again we observed no placebo effect in this study,” said David Meeker,
M.D., Chair, Chief Executive Officer and President of Rhythm Pharmaceuticals. “We look forward to engaging with U.S. and European
regulatory authorities to seek alignment on a Phase 3 trial design as we continue advancing bivamelagon.”

 

 

 

 

In a post-hoc analysis comparing the randomized Phase 2 results to
results from prior setmelanotide trials, bivamelagon demonstrated BMI reductions consistent with BMI reductions achieved with setmelanotide
therapy as observed in similar patient populations at comparable dosing durations. In this post-hoc comparison of the subset of setmelanotide
patients who demonstrated study compliance and were not on concomitant GLP1 therapy (no patients who enrolled in the Phase 2 bivamelagon
trial were on concomitant GLP1 therapy), setmelanotide and bivamelagon achieved:

 

·

-9.7% and -10.5% mean BMI reductions achieved in a pooled patient population
(n=59; n=64) from Phase 2 and Phase 3 trials of setmelanotide therapy at 12 weeks and 16 weeks, respectively; as compared to:

·

-8.8% and -10.1% mean BMI reductions achieved in patients (400mg n=6; 600mg
n=7) at 14 weeks of bivamelagon therapy.

 

In addition, patients reported meaningful reductions in their ‘most’
hunger scores at 14 weeks on therapy compared to placebo, consistent with past setmelanotide trials and MC4R agonism. Patients in the
600mg (n=8) and 400mg (n=6) cohorts achieved a mean reduction greater than 2.8 points in their ‘most’ hunger scores measured
on a 10-point scale at 14 weeks of bivamelagon therapy. Six patients in the 200mg arm achieved a mean reduction of 2.1 points in their
‘most’ hunger score, while patients on placebo therapy reported a mean increase of 0.8 points in their mean ‘worst’
hunger score.

 

Bivamelagon demonstrated safety and tolerability results consistent
with MC4R agonism and mechanism of action during the placebo-controlled portion of the trial. During the placebo-controlled portion of
the trial, one patient discontinued therapy due to a serious adverse event (rectal bleeding). The most common reported adverse events
were episodes of diarrhea and nausea, the vast majority of which were mild or grade 1. There were reports of mild, localized hyperpigmentation
from four patients, including one patient on placebo. A total of 27 patients completed the 14-week, placebo-controlled portion of the
trial, and 26 of them transitioned into the open-label extension of the trial and remained in that portion of the trial, as of July 7,
2025.

 

Next Steps

 

With these results in hand, Rhythm plans to seek input from U.S. and
EU regulatory authorities on a Phase 3 trial design to advance bivamelagon in acquired hypothalamic obesity. The Company plans to request
an End-of-Phase 2 meeting with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and to seek scientific advice from the Committee for Medicinal
Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA). Rhythm also is refining the formulation of bivamelagon potentially
to improve tolerability ahead of initiating a Phase 3 trial.

 

As previously announced, Rhythm will present results from this trial
in a poster accepted as a late-breaking abstract and data from Rhythm’s pivotal Phase 3 TRANSCEND trial evaluating setmelanotide
in both a live oral presentation and a poster at The Endocrine Society’s Annual Meeting (ENDO 2025) on July 12, 2025 in San
Francisco.

 

 

 

 

About the Bivamelagon Phase 2 Trial

 

The Phase 2 trial is a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind
study to assess efficacy and safety of bivamelagon (formerly LB54640) on safety, weight reduction, hunger, and quality of life in patients
12 years of age and older (n=28) with acquired hypothalamic obesity. In the randomized portion of the trial, patients took an oral daily
dose of either bivamelagon, low (200 mg), middle (400 mg), or high (600 mg), or placebo for 14 weeks. Patients may continue on therapy
in the open-label portion for up to 52 weeks.

 

Conference Call Information

 

Rhythm Pharmaceuticals will host a live conference call and webcast
at 8:00 a.m. ET today to discuss these clinical data. Participants may register for the conference call here. A webcast of the call
will also be available under "Events and Presentations" in the Investor Relations section of the Rhythm Pharmaceuticals website
at https://ir.rhythmtx.com/. The archived webcast will be available on Rhythm Pharmaceuticals’ website approximately two hours after
the conference call and will be available for at least 30 days following the call.

 

About Acquired Hypothalamic Obesity

 

Acquired hypothalamic obesity
is a rare form of obesity that occurs following damage to the hypothalamic region of the brain, which includes the melanocortin-4 receptor
(MC4R) pathway and is responsible for controlling physiological functions such as hunger and weight regulation. Acquired hypothalamic
obesity most frequently follows the growth or surgical removal of craniopharyngioma, astrocytoma or other rare brain tumors. Additional
causes of injury may include traumatic brain injury, stroke, or inflammation due to infection. Patients experience accelerated weight
gain, a reduction in energy expenditure, and hyperphagia (a chronic pathological condition characterized by insatiable hunger, impaired
satiety, and persistent abnormal food-seeking behaviors) leading to severe obesity within six to 12 months following tumor resection
or other injury.

 

Rhythm estimates there are 5,000 to 10,000 people living with hypothalamic
obesity in the U.S., 5,000 to 8,000 people living with hypothalamic obesity in Japan, and 3,500 to 10,000 people living with
hypothalamic obesity in the E.U.

 

About Rhythm Pharmaceuticals

 

Rhythm is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to
transforming the lives of patients and their families living with rare neuroendocrine diseases. Rhythm’s lead asset, IMCIVREE®
(setmelanotide), an MC4R agonist designed to treat hyperphagia and severe obesity, is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) to reduce excess body weight and maintain weight reduction long term in adult and pediatric patients 2 years of age and older with
syndromic or monogenic obesity due to Bardet-Biedl syndrome (BBS) or genetically confirmed pro-opiomelanocortin (POMC), including proprotein
convertase subtilisin/kexin type 1 (PCSK1), deficiency or leptin receptor (LEPR) deficiency. Both the European Commission (EC) and the
UK’s Medicines & Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) have authorized setmelanotide for the treatment of obesity
and the control of hunger associated with genetically confirmed BBS or genetically confirmed loss-of-function biallelic POMC, including
PCSK1, deficiency or biallelic LEPR deficiency in adults and children 2 years of age and above. Additionally, Rhythm is advancing a broad
clinical development program for setmelanotide in other rare diseases, as well as investigational MC4R agonists bivamelagon and RM-718,
and a preclinical suite of small molecules for the treatment of congenital hyperinsulinism. Rhythm’s headquarters is in Boston,
MA.

 

 

 

 

Setmelanotide Indication

 

In
the United States, setmelanotide is indicated to reduce excess body weight and maintain weight reduction long term in adult and
pediatric patients aged 2 years and older with syndromic or monogenic obesity due to Bardet-Biedl syndrome (BBS) or Pro-opiomelanocortin
(POMC), proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 1 (PCSK1), or leptin receptor (LEPR) deficiency as determined by an FDA-approved
test demonstrating variants in POMC, PCSK1, or LEPR genes that are interpreted as pathogenic, likely pathogenic,
or of uncertain significance (VUS).

 

In the European Union and the United Kingdom, setmelanotide is indicated
for the treatment of obesity and the control of hunger associated with genetically confirmed BBS or loss-of-function biallelic POMC, including
PCSK1, deficiency or biallelic LEPR deficiency in adults and children 2 years of age and above. In the European Union and the United Kingdom,
setmelanotide should be prescribed and supervised by a physician with expertise in obesity with underlying genetic etiology.

 

Limitations of Use

 

Setmelanotide is not indicated for the treatment of patients
with the following conditions as setmelanotide would not be expected to be effective:

 

·

Obesity due to suspected POMC, PCSK1, or LEPR deficiency with POMC,
PCSK1, or LEPR variants classified as benign or likely benign

·

Other types of obesity not related to BBS or POMC, PCSK1, or LEPR deficiency,
including obesity associated with other genetic syndromes and general (polygenic) obesity

 

Contraindication

 

Prior serious hypersensitivity to setmelanotide or any of the excipients
in IMCIVREE. Serious hypersensitivity reactions (e.g., anaphylaxis) have been reported.

 

WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS

 

Disturbance in Sexual Arousal: Spontaneous penile erections
in males and sexual adverse reactions in females have occurred. Inform patients that these events may occur and instruct patients who
have an erection lasting longer than 4 hours to seek emergency medical attention.

 

Depression and Suicidal Ideation: Depression, suicidal ideation
and depressed mood have occurred. Monitor patients for new onset or worsening depression or suicidal thoughts or behaviors. Consider discontinuing
IMCIVREE if patients experience suicidal thoughts or behaviors, or clinically significant or persistent depression symptoms occur.

 

Hypersensitivity Reactions: Serious hypersensitivity reactions
(e.g., anaphylaxis) have been reported. If suspected, advise patients to promptly seek medical attention and discontinue IMCIVREE.

 

 

 

 

Skin Hyperpigmentation, Darkening of Pre-existing Nevi, and Development
of New Melanocytic Nevi: Generalized or focal increases in skin pigmentation, darkening of pre-existing nevi, development of new melanocytic
nevi and increase in size of existing melanocytic nevi have occurred. Perform a full body skin examination prior to initiation and periodically
during treatment to monitor pre-existing and new pigmented lesions.

 

Risk of Serious Adverse Reactions Due to Benzyl Alcohol Preservative
in Neonates and Low Birth Weight Infants: IMCIVREE is not approved for use in neonates or infants. Serious and fatal adverse reactions
including “gasping syndrome” can occur in neonates and low birth weight infants treated with benzyl alcohol preserved drugs.

 

ADVERSE REACTIONS

 

Most common adverse reactions (incidence ≥20%) included skin hyperpigmentation,
injection site reactions, nausea, headache, diarrhea, abdominal pain, vomiting, depression, and spontaneous penile erection.

 

USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONS

 

Treatment with IMCIVREE is not recommended when breastfeeding. Discontinue
IMCIVREE when pregnancy is recognized unless the benefits of therapy outweigh the potential risks to the fetus.

 

To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact Rhythm Pharmaceuticals
at +1 (833) 789-6337 or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch. See section 4.8 of the Summary of Product Characteristics
for information on reporting suspected adverse reactions in Europe.

 

Please see the full Prescribing Information for
additional Important Safety Information.

 

Forward-looking Statements

 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this press release that do not relate to matters
of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements regarding our Phase 2 study
to assess the efficacy and safety of bivamelagon in patients with acquired hypothalamic obesity and the potential for bivamelagon to treat
hypothalamic obesity; the safety, efficacy, potential benefits of, and regulatory and clinical progress, potential regulatory submissions,
approvals and timing thereof of bivamelagon, setmelanotide and other product candidates; the clinical design or progress of any of our
products or product candidates at any dosage or in any indication; the potential benefits of any of the Company’s products or product
candidates for any specific disease indication or at any dosage, including the potential benefits of bivamelagon and setmelanotide for
patients with acquired hypothalamic obesity or congenital hypothalamic obesity; our participation in upcoming events and presentations,
and the date, time and content thereof and the timing of any of the foregoing. Statements using words such as “expect”, “anticipate”,
“believe”, “may”, “will” and similar terms are also forward-looking statements. Such statements are
subject to numerous risks, uncertainties, including, but not limited to, our ability to enroll patients in clinical trials, the design
and outcome of clinical trials, the impact of competition, the ability to achieve or obtain necessary regulatory approvals, risks associated
with data analysis and reporting, our ability to successfully commercialize setmelanotide, our liquidity and expenses, our ability to
retain our key employees and consultants, and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel, and general economic conditions, and
the other important factors, including those discussed under the caption “Risk Factors” in Rhythm’s Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except
as required by law, we undertake no obligations to make any revisions to the forward-looking statements contained in this release or to
update them to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this release, whether as a result of new information, future
developments or otherwise.

 

# # #

 

 

 

 

Corporate Contact:

 

David Connolly

Head of Investor Relations and Corporate
Communications

Rhythm Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

857-264-4280

dconnolly@rhythmtx.com

 

Media Contact:

 

Sheryl Seapy

Real Chemistry

(949) 903-4750

sseapy@realchemistry.com